You know what I do is write for the kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , you know in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , an epiphany is generally something that fell somewhere .
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle began in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird class .
When they were beaten up to bleed every week in the bathroom bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I could get into the teacher 's bathroom .
I made it secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to begin to work in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that teacher 's phone call , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned than adults never come to know .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man , I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get involved with this . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and we 're taking care of their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know , as an adult came to me , he became a ash box , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I saved her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today , I 've talked a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first icebergs icebergs .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
And I 'll kick myself around the water <unk> water , and I could n't even think that it was about a snowflake over another <unk> year .
The icebergs born when you fall from the glaciers or you break down the ice booms .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up , and they hang on until the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and they 're going to be engaged in a dramatic passion <unk> .
It 's easy to think , when you see a eardrum , which are isolated apart and alone , as much as humans see us sometimes as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg melts fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life .
I close to photographing these icebergs as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and will not exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt it ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice from the <unk> I 'm photographing is really young -- it 's got a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last few photos I 'd like to show you are a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually get a rolling eardrum .
Here they do .
You can see the left left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a north of Greenland , average size .
<unk> from water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so I just say , the eardrum shows a different side of its personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , you 're not going to pay me attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that in one case , the chromosome and sperm joins the chromosome from the egg .
And in the other case , the sperm chromosome joins the X chromosome from the egg .
They both turn on and starts life .
We will go back to talk about them later .
In my soil , it turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of the anatomy .
I 'm trained by training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- -- that is the way people started the anatomy -- -- that -- human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body .
The other role that that performance is in my work is an activist , as patients ' advocate , as I say sometimes , wounded suffer from people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
At general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> embraces many ways .
I 'm going to give you a few examples of ways of having a sex that does n't lie in the common or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual <unk> <unk> gene whose chromosome <unk> from the chromosome and says to the <unk> , which we all have in <unk> life that will come back .
And then , in <unk> life , testes will make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following a course of female .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a little girl . It 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing tests realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
What 's important to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that .
Women , like men , we have a body , something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; she does n't know her <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male -- I had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a boy and just discovered he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
It had the 20th chromosomes in the uterus , the <unk> glands were so active that we essentially created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the Russian component of the male component .
He was born as a child looks like a child ; nobody suspected anything .
And it was at the age of 19 , when he started having medical problems caused by inner menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , he was a woman in the inside .
Well , another example of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up into <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies happen to be dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> <unk> are not so able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're being tested for several surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings out a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black wants to say African anatomy in historic terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when we have a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So , we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic social concept .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children born as two people within a body .
The most popular case is last year with South African runner <unk> <unk> ; he put his sex in the Berlin Games in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to ask myself , `` What do you do to do to determine whether you 're <unk> or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you the journalists that there is no such test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are the ones that we map that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that were infected directly with stable categories -- they are much more stressed from what we thought about .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that is much more complicated than the terminology allowed .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's take a look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees .
What about the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too much too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very hot discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> that when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors have never got to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot , they 'd put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still , he would n't yet .
If he stopped moving him .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put it in another body .
And as a result , we have to address the dilemma of really determining somebody 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this kind of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I stand up to people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that he makes me nervous .
It turns out that these categories are much more fragile than we thought to me so much .
<unk> from the notion of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , that I find myself so much looking at that <unk> music , `` 1776 '' and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with fathers .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and I explain why .
What they had been rejected was an anatomic concept , and we 'd put it with another that was radical and beautiful , and it stayed for 200 years .
And , as all of you remember , what our Founding Founding was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was about a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
<unk> of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the law of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were the idea of the political power of political being passed from the grandfather 's right to the father and then the son and so on .
Parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new concept of anatomical , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They <unk> the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences . That was a very radical thing .
And partly they were doing it because they 're a part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was happening to democracy and at the same time was born .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of Founding fathers , that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> out of supernatural explanations , and so they rejected the concept of the supernatural power that goes out of a rather vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if we look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think about it , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who were going to attend the anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the Civil Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we looked at the coincidences , we have to start asking why we hold certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should get rid of the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five year-old kids were supposed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense , and I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them to keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , June 1 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term : The March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that we were born three months before Mary is attributed to all of the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age , but because he was born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man -- if I 'm not told if it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> of that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry 's in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So still persist in anatomical categories that are in various ways and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes , I feel like science escapes us .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas in a certain time has decided that to marry a man do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make tests expose people .
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his address `` I Have a team '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on not the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be <unk> on this for <unk> rights to people , because I 'm going to admit that I know from some <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know they can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sexual relationships than I know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonders what if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , perhaps with MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is actually driving this current thought of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to do good work in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who 's been attracted to other men 's susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to engage a sex shift , in which case they 're allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd done a couple of years ago that I 'd done to light twins , and then they pick them apart , and they grow their fame .
But when the phone was asked by the operation of the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore he had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , it 's considered the asylum asylum rather than the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are without intending to change the right of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , to finish , I mean I 've been talking a lot about parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we were getting older participation .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about groups .
Since years ago , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in researching sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care about those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in my feminism was considered feminist , like <unk> made me a strange statement .
Tell me what feminism has about female .
And I thought , `` That 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female on feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I think there 's a little bit feminine on feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female 's brain and the male who makes us more corrosive to complex social relationships and willing willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if they were very attentive to find the way to protect people in the state of the state , it 's possible that , of having more moms to this concept , maybe we can enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : thinking less in the individual identity , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to live and work , you have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now we 're far from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count in a single city willing to get around .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth a lot more than their cost of construction .
So we could easily go through the world , tens of , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it just would take out by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already , they 're already owners , and that in the other half , it will still be unable to do it .
You might try to increase the ability to make the capacity in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas around around them have norms to avoid the discomfort and the construction distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build an apartment building completely new , always and when the rules of that place , they 're going to build the construction instead of putting it back .
So I proposed that governments will explore new reform zones of reform big enough to contain cities , and I gave them a name : low cities .
I later found out that roughly at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge for Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would fall out of their country to go to the United States to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to ensure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a constitutional constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> imposed with a platform in which <unk> reforms and the same reconciliation time .
He asked her to be his head manager .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a huge amount of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter cities to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and bother all the current citizens of apartments .
We get a lot of attention to new technologies , but it needs so much of technologies to make progress , and it 's usually the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a bond with the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's go to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room of a hotel .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than its monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Look , land that , in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under charter is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that shapes the rules that are going to be thrown out there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So President 's president called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to go back and talk again about four and fifth of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
The whole <unk> world .
The first of the public faces , they were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and I showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential , that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be an option of a city that could go to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras ' government would need help from countries associated , they could benefit from countries associated that would help them establish and make the rules of the charter , so that everybody could trust the charter that the charter can actually be true .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily be about a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after the 19th of January , voted in Congress to <unk> its Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would create these special development regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in the favor of this constitutional amendment from <unk> to one .
All parties , all the factions of the society in society , got it .
<unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , it passed in another voting , unlike one .
Immediately after the voting , the 21st to 24 of February , a delegation of 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world who are most interested in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city center , which is being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the center of Boston .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after they spent four years , getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about it practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and then would allow to operate under an external legal system .
A country has committed to allowing their Supreme Court to be the court of the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and builders who are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding for funding .
But the only thing we know that we 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to be in the Americas , especially in a place with a trade zone , and there are many people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job ; sometimes they are unwed mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , there are sometimes even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred to all over the world ?
What does it seem to think about to insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is that I live with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my outfits , colorful and different <unk> for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and secondhand shops .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to get to meet people <unk> , usually my money is going to a good cause ; I mean , and buy becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
It will be from my size ?
I will like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've gained .
Going back to the theme of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what do you bring with your entire clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of inner underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly one week is everything I put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
While I do it , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I think or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't spend much money to look good .
You can almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including a jacket , and it took 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to stay in a bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
Just yourself .
If you 're getting away from the right people , you 're not just going to get you to understand , you 're also going to join you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you 're wearing inside .
And sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play to the costumes , or I remember their little <unk> .
I like to <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're okay with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't have any eye you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to do everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style and only one is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , Brooklyn , I 'll give you all .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to leave a certain way back .
I do n't need emotionally emotionally to these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , brilliant suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you bring your brain on this scale ?
Now , some of these extremes would be one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they are mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that , like most of the other quantum quantum physicists , we need a lot of logical quantum physicists , we need to be pretty logical to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 've got to play with them and then we see how they react . And then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A lot of intuition that you may have developed with the step in the years is the one that says that one thing may be just in one place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed .
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and I did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet you play that game with that parking bar , it taught me a precious lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that they stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world , except you are a physicist physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a physicist physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really strange things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the quantum mechanics theory .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit into my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it also did n't fit it right to my logic .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been in a overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to expand it a little bit . It 's just in the center .
And then here 's a big zoom approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , and it 's a springboard , and it stands down into a platform .
And then I did this almost just the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming <unk> that 's under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , let me stop doing those things , because I do n't want them to bother doing that , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> on the journey of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes through the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal , it will behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We put the lights out , then we introduced a Roomba and we pulled all the air out , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than an degree above zero .
Now , when I 'm just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants .
So we measured their movements .
We found that it moved in very strange forms .
Instead of being perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way it <unk> was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth break , we were able to make it <unk> , and they do n't take it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is a really fantastic thing .
What does it mean , one thing about it , and do n't take it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time , those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain times when those lines line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one atom and that little piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal piece can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my kind of logic that speaks .
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up , and we looked at the box , we saw that metal kept there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just attached to a little space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And I was doing 18 months I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss that 's here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did .
I think my own story is simply simply on this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
I did n't give myself a lot of education , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So I 'd better show you the demo to then show you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums that there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the New York art museum .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Mumbai or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open the plane on the top , and , with a click click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go to the end of the hall .
Just go ahead . That 's going to go .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows you the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all data metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom around in a very simple way .
You 're seeing fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that kids were actually playing something .
I was talking a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is actually hitting a <unk> with a Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even more deep and you 'll see that you really can get into the cracks .
Now just to give you a little perspective , I 'm going to pull the picture , you really see what 's there .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump to MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The <unk> night . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the brush ?
And if you want to see how Gogh Van actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really achieved it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get the cracks .
This is the night <unk> , I think I 'd never seen it that way before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we come in , and I 've created this function that I call the zooming in the zooming .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you consider these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all the amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my view , they also do n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its artwork , and it 's represented properly online .
And the big question that I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
So think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy grow this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that there 's something very interesting happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Now , some time ago , if you wanted to win a year 's career to earn a budget , you take a budget and you 'll put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , we have a real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're becoming open open computers .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be <unk> and <unk> .
Cities is a big thing .
As note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all these <unk> and <unk> are coming into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of <unk> <unk> for the end of the year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` uncle I am . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , begin to tell us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms were made of sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment .
In some sense , it 's almost like the old <unk> of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo <unk> in the Moses , he says he did the hammer , and he threw it in the last Moses -- he 's actually done , you know , he can still see a little <unk> a little bit , and he said , `` Hey , <unk> IV <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts telling us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; <unk> in the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , very lucky summer .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , he won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day looking at the activity reflected in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the late afternoon , there are people here and there 's called <unk> , moving .
It starts : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yeah !
That night all night , they all went to celebrate the center .
You see the great peak .
The next day , they were all at the center of the <unk> team and the prime minister .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the site called <unk> where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't just do just a few years ago .
Another rapid example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume them .
Today we know everything about the origins of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble them .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small labels to track the garbage on their shift through the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago , to label what they were throwing out , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that you can see .
Then we put a little chip , a label , the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
From Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
There 's complicated things happening and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we think we think is , if we see every day that the cup that we <unk> does n't go away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we drop on one day is still there .
If we show that to people , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , who came and told us that Spain and Southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology have , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that they have a trunk and valves , valves , <unk> that open and shut up .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If the pixels go on the pixels , you can show patterns , images , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the <unk> mayor .
He liked it very much .
And then we had a commission to design the building to the <unk> .
We call it the Digital Water facility .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no windows and windows , but when you come up here , it opens up so you can go .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days , there will always be somebody in the winter , when the ceiling goes down , somebody who was there and he said , `` Let 's run the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost all architecture goes away .
Here 's how it 's working .
You see the people who are going on inside .
And here I 'm myself trying not to get wet when sensors open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open up , but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water , and you had to jump to get wet .
And for us , that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact with , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like what we saw before , that moves with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
It 's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , what it changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play it with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen looks at different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a <unk> cloud that you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form a V , like before .
When light turns on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , from the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> <unk> from the best ballet dancers of today , the <unk> star of New York City and <unk> to capture its 3D movements and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see clips dancing .
On the left side of the pixels , you see the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can take the whole movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry to <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Oort .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a barn nursery like farming farming , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make it just a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what 's remarkable happened in the last two years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing of the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address today 's challenges : think of climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we have the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people to do this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered by pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , it can be to share the major moments of the 2012 Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection with the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can get up , like a new <unk> of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but most importantly , it 's going to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only a little changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and sure yourself ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
Audience member : Creativity .
How many people would I choose ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It was probably about how many creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many of you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , the majority . That makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have something about this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or may it be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you the look at a doctor about the topic .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for the light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept that biological evolution consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Do it mean the other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the most interested .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There has been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and come back .
We 've been here about 130 years .
It might seem like we 're far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in fact , the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin -- but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , of which it comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think about -- when Antonio Damasio is asked about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is an wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , is very comfortable .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that they can want to do without effort .
It 's really like a fast way for bacteria with a occasional rush disruption in the way .
But , on the other hand , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future hold us ?
Are we in kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe even better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> in the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one single <unk> , and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed it .
When I was just reported to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized that , in most of the existence of life , in which of that life , that each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two girls .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into the sex reproduction stage .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that 's happening , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at that time , but with every year that I was going , getting more question .
I got to understand George Burns 's feelings , who was still acting in Las Vegas well in her 90s .
And one night , someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a magnificent light dancer in her clothes .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came for a `` <unk> soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health care .
I wanted it to live more and more healthier .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary view , you and I are like <unk> rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen put when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily allow longevity .
Not necessarily favors the bigger or the strongest or even the smartest thing to do .
Evolution favors the better creatures adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success test .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there would be fish there , fish waste as a vacuum , however , have managed to make that a cozy environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we look back in the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say , there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that they do n't mess .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've been able to call a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we set up our environment so that it could be adapted to us as we adapt to us .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that we need to happen .
A second chance is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural , imposed evolution by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when the species <unk> distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , which is an intriguing , intriguing , terrifying possibility .
So I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but reactive and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will make .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
Let 's first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you pick on the individual and family level .
Think of that if you could be able to choose not just sex from your offspring , it 's in your own body making the genetic modifications to heal or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and he took 13 years .
<unk> million dollars .
The next year of having finished , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost to about 20,000 and a week .
Not much so much so that the human genome is true for 1,000 and more and more in reach of everybody .
They come up with those changes .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect them , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's not an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the declining flu cells in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to become more and more possible .
Imagine the other two little changes .
Can you change the cells of your bodies , but if you could change your offspring ' cells ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier kids ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about all if you were able to match the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why not have a <unk> muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and more distance ?
Why do n't we live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of passing this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of the evolution that we wanted to have .
We 're going to take a process that normally we could take 100,000 years and we can compress it up to 1,000 years , and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren 's grandchildren are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these choices in advance of a better , more successful society ?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And most profound about everything : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a engine making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about with flight assistants .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot 's powered plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
It 's <unk> the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I got a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person 's there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to get anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
Now , the second thing I learned that day -- and this is while I took the George Washington Bridge , which was n't a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great weigh .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , I 've been trying to get better at all I did .
But in my humanity , I also give my ego place .
And I 'm sorry the time that I wasted in things that mattered to people that matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It 's feeling of wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'll be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water 's <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die not that fear .
It 's almost like we 've been striving for that all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was in a performance performance of my daughter -- first degree , not too much of art -- still , and I scream , I cry , like a little bit .
And for me , that was the whole reason for being the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is being a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was <unk> another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another way .
You guys are flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you on your plane -- and please not be -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , you still expect to do because you think you 're going to live forever ?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
And the most important thing , are the best parents ever ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing that I worked was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> of the '80s .
One day he came home after running and said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
<unk> today has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , it 's not that <unk> seen Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can be able to communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can actually do .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Does anybody look at the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- you 're going <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check , and instead I signed a check , and instead a check I did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed to her brother and father there at that very moment , `` Okay , so this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make her art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their inner ca n't communicate . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw on that and register the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
They start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and in the end , people start making art .
But there was always a life cycle in his presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , after a lot of organization , we had a lot of an organization on one side to another we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of the insurance companies and we get a machine so that we could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because when I 'm talking to you , you 're going to talk to the guy you get an email from it , and you 're like , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the globe from all corners of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , we moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid , and that when you were trying to have taken off the walls of the walls and then you would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the spare walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun glasses we buy on the shipping crews in Venice , something of copper sticks and <unk> home and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we set it up on an LED light light , and there 's a device that 's free -- it 's so free -- we published the code <unk> software is low in free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , fantasy sessions , all night , Tony came to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of his life and he 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking wall out of the hospital .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to go in the parking lot so that we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and somebody finally came to <unk> and pull me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that is our cry of war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We won many prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us is making money with this .
It all comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized as one of the top 50 inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April of the blacksmith in Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called Art in <unk> .
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show which is quite awesome .
So basically , this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the microphone -- nothing was possible at a certain time .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with the eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something , and I 'm going to give myself a wonderful thing to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that you have to do . If you 're not now , when ? And if you 're not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last couple of years ago in situations , generally very difficult , and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in much of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in the very <unk> situations with the only goal of trying to look at social questions in ways that it comes to attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see amusing and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was going to come here , I 'm going to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and the situation I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks , I took a couple of weeks ago .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk from 2011 .
What had been the following : `` <unk> your <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's all about and based on content that you might think of in your face , especially if I put it ridiculous to you or your company to do it .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't tell you about it .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , the advertising world .
And as I said earlier , I 've put myself in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be done with me , and I could n't do it for something that 's so hard or as dangerous as going into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I 'm trying to do about the products of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film was <unk> with products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever half '' is that everything up to the bottom , in order to end , has brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes out before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> Built , the <unk> Center ...
These people were scattered the shot in perpetuity -- forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . '' That 's what ?
I 'm one player . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . '' It was more by emphasis .
It was the English attorney forever .
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure for all the categories we could in the film .
Maybe you get a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you used ...
The most amazing car that you 've driven in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink that you were drunk from `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , then , in addition to showing the brands as part of life , making them make the film ? ( MS : Doing the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The <unk> goal is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , in beginning to end .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : No , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if , `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how is it going to make an idea ? ( MS : How much money does it have to do this ? ''
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C. : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult the meeting with them , but it certainly is going to be worthwhile to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out to us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be difficult to sell it , for the film or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... that means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Okay . ( MK : Good . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about which brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to deal with .
MK : We 've got some places where we go . ( MS : Okay . ) Put the camera off .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside .
<unk> the camera means , `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so , one by one , all of all of a sudden , disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this movie .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , I was to present to as many people as possible , to make so many people as possible to make it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media stage , is n't the idea to tell you with that new vehicle that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a mistake that was wrong and that error was this .
No , no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for <unk> images at Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your rolling , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency and simulation , or deception , and easily , it 's going to be detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or access of the information , especially in business practices -- that 's the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president , the claims , even the CEOs name .
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it a suddenly changes .
But why ? Well , transparency , scary -- like that weird bear that still continues .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
We had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell the story .
We want you to tell a story , but you tell the story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father would get me into some lie -- and there he is , staring at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency , the agency , wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take off the school and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to note about all of a sudden -- and I started to realize that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I 've got friends who make big films , huge , giants and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make Hollywood Hollywood movies , giant , they say the reason why their films are so successful is due to the associated brands they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant films of Hollywood ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open up my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant Ban .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you you 're going to help you .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there he was going to offer one of these great dance .
Both <unk> <unk> like `` Paradise . ''
We 're going to have so much for man , as a woman , solid , to <unk> , on the bar , whatever .
That 's the overall look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of movies that you 've ever made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have some other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you
MS : What words would you use to describe you ?
He 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : upper technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in <unk> .
Man : We talked about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep you cool ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common kind ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , to the people like me , to the commons .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 80 , punk <unk> , ' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what is the brand <unk> ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : unique . ) Man : So I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray , things like that .
It 's usually I carry as sunglasses , or the same thing .
Woman : If Dan was a brand of a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it casual .
Woman 2 : In part a hippie , it 's partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they commit the commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer 's brand .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be Tom , but I 'm often reminded me at the intersection of the dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` <unk> personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they could do it for them , they would probably do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come out and start in a place and in my case where they come out and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
MS : The next is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and a way of being ?
MS : It 's like who I would like to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , `` Why is that for us ? ''
What 's the machete ? What phase of <unk> are you now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more than you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( Girl : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot of crazy about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary people , in your brand personality , the Morgan Morgan 's brand is a <unk> brand .
They 're going very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some of the companies will only be engaged in one of their strong points or the other rather than focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid the things that they 're not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually go ahead and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other marks are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can see here , also , Target , Wii , Mini of Mini and <unk> Mini .
Now there are playful brands and brands brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> mark . What 's your brand ?
If somebody asks you to address your brand identity , your brand personality , what would be ?
Are you a top-down attribute ? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you rather a descending attribute ?
It 's a little bit quicker , special , conservative ?
Local attributes are like being playful , like the Prncipe , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous , bold or bold , bold , bold , bold , meaning , meaning , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more of a descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're established , traditional , provider , protective ?
You 're trustworthy , stable , familiar , trustworthy , sacred , sacred , sacredness , sacred , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 enterprises , bottom-up and descendants , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , would n't have control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as a movie for film .
We went to San Paulo where ad advertising has banned .
In the entire city for the last five years there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's no nonsense , nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are posing to schools with liquidity issues in the U.S .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects where I 've had the biggest answer or the ones that I 've had more successful are the ones I 've ever interacted with with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the intermediary , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies have no better interest in mind .
I 'm going to deal with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think about the way we look at the world .
And how has they gone ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie was released in the weekend Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions of media impressions .
This covers just a <unk> period .
That 's just online -- no press , no television .
The movie is still not going to fall .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies we talked about to their clients not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk yourself , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing it to failure .
I think when you train their employees in loss aversion is preparing their entire company to be a lack of rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take care .
We need to animate people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can make .
Ultimately , I think we have to make it place to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
It will be scary . They 'll get the risk .
From a <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Today , more than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , my whole talk `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who , who for dollars bought the name of the name of <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> is `` <unk> the Transparency . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check out of the TED matrix of the TED Foundation , the Sapling Foundation , a check for a $ cingulate , to be applied to my assistance for the next year .
The idea behind the clinical worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we can engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop that 's used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with an Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started researching Stuxnet research six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> would use multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened to this .
So it was really weird things .
Stuxnet behaved like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run . ''
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program is trying to infect is actually working at that place .
If not , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the target is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than the goal soon .
And so we pulled out , and we found the attack code , and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs : a small and big one .
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all of the inner information .
It 's all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator is .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the Stuxnet <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the payload is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much to the old assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the system of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and tried to engage them with the real world , with potential world targets .
We need theories about recipients we could pass or <unk> .
To come to the theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections have been hacked .
There are no number of thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant , and the <unk> plant plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants among our clients . ''
I called them in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the small digital <unk> with control of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can push it and even make it centrifuge .
What we also saw is that the attack of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to nest engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We tried to decipher the big digital <unk> looking very closely looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't get it .
I started researching scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and the waterfall has <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in my hands .
There was no misunderstanding : it did n't .
The results have been given up after several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> , and we had to go back .
Yet we found that both digital warheads were meant to just one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making it spin the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here 's some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and the top is the <unk> .
What this thing does is I would intercept the input values of sensors for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which still run during the attack , with false data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
Is it cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the fourth of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to make a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act quickly .
For example , on a energy plant , when the steam turbine goes off , you have to be able to open escape from a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then they can go to bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And not the <unk> or the security system will notice .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium .
It could also work , for example , on an energy plant , or a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as attacker -- that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to make <unk> .
It 's as possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to face the consequences , and better than we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public done on many sides that people assume the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What is your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
So I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you <unk> skills , or another one that makes users of wheelchair chairs and go to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something that you put in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases your speed , and helps you , for example , to handle your balance .
It 's actually true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect with the universe and other foreign entities .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on by talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to carry on their back to a $ 45 kilos , and he 's allowed to get even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 kilos by variable ground for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to put on a lot of crawl and run a big agility .
So what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then my strength goes up and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of lawn chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people around , in the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord that will start their lives -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- bumping into a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that ages it becomes rapidly multiplied .
His only choice , many times -- for a brain injury or some another complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from their successful emergence , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had a spinal cord injury , and as a result , he could n't go back to walk for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely invasive on the crutches that send signals on board on board , here on the back .
There 's also a battery of batteries that give power to engines on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural gait .

In a fraction of a second , I lost feeling and all the motion of the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That was 19 years ago .
That 's how I got stolen up to the last minute of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on my hand bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not only soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of the wheelchair , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And it 's not the festival of <unk> <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying types , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
It 's no wonder that this destruction also puts in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The meat of hunting meat and deforestation makes you not to fill in a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the hidden laughter out of the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the Bonobo 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Music increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , you see the evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
Play is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobos game , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` He 's got it <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual play is common by bonobos like in humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows you -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of making unusual elements to the game -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and <unk> trust -- and at the same time , it 's the most fun thing .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can adopt a lot of shapes , some of which are more <unk> , <unk> , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing underwater .
I think , like her , sometimes we 're playing alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a more and harder world with more creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we go to the most of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
Play is essential .
For bonobos and humans , it 's not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at the least appropriate appropriate to play , you can be the moments that it 's most urgent .
That 's why , primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and try and play together while we ask creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the captain in a <unk> body .
And in our city , where the volunteers responded to a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But yet there was a career on the foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that has certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in our pajamas , wasting , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to fit and save the owner of the house owner .
The dog ! I was lucky .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell people who walked into a burning building to save a live live only because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to get between home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I went on the stairs , at the end of the hall , I went to the <unk> firemen , which at that height or they had finished the fire , and I walked into the main room in search of a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my <unk> and a lovely dog in the front door .
We got out of the house the treasures for the house owner where , as he was expecting , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department was a letter from the owner of the owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's owner to save his house .
The kindness that she was looking at about the other was somebody had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm a witness of generosity and kindness at a monumental scale , but also of acts of grace and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're going to be achieved remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get them .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but we 're going to be able to influence somebody 's life .
So you go into play ; you 're going to break your shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks of concrete are made in <unk> with a very simple idea : concrete modules of a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used of construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build larger things that we , like buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
And almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , <unk> came up with this .
He was called the automatic assembly .
And in a few years , the <unk> blocks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
It made it accessible .
<unk> simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a <unk> world of a <unk> world about each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create a lot of bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at a time .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved at the experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I began to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they are linked by magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the way , the blue is the stream , the pink is the entrance , and the orange is the wire .
So you only have to assemble one blue one with one green , and very quickly , you can start making new circuits .
And one blue with one green one is produce light .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
We added this timbre to create more impact and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , they 're actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and <unk> , <unk> allows us to program these very simple intuitive gestures .
To make faster or slower , just turn this button , which makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to go into bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , motors ; everything has to be accessible .
We 've been giving them <unk> to kids to see them play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day they do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light bulb works , or why the door of an elevator is maintained open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to <unk> schools .
So , for example , designers without experience , they start playing with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with bottles of paper and felt , we have <unk> .
( Sound noise ) A few weeks ago , we took the designers at the Rhode Island School of Design , which do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> canyon turned by movement .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust <unk> that has fear of darkness .
For these <unk> , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be aware of all .
So , let 's call it open source .
You can visit the website , download all of the design files and make it .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company , and my little company is seeking to engage with the environment .
Natural collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on charge .
We can -- we can continue better , let 's go on the video .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar is ...
Oh , I 'm just term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We had some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your task is to show the possibilities of technology today .
Think about it .
It 's a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here 's how if I look at a date , but what it really looks like is that someone will clean up when it 's caught up the snow , because they know it 's not really good at putting fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did we ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a <unk> team members for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it snowed a long year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire fire .
But one of the members named Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens were working with shovels in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean up when it snows .
By doing that , you put a name , in this case , put it in .
If you do n't do it , somebody can make it .
I mean , it has a play component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe the smallest applications of the 21 are programmed last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
And it extends viral .
One responsible for <unk> systems , when we see this application realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to bring the tsunami of the tsunami .
It 's very important that the tsunami works , but people steals batteries .
That 's why you ask the citizens to monitor .
And then Seattle decided it decided to use it to make citizens take off sunglasses .
And Chicago just throwing it up to make people enter to clean sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been <unk> , naturally and natural .
If you know a little government technology , you know this does n't happen normally .
software acquisition takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that in fact , the normal channels would have taken at least two and a half million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the court of California that until the time has taken two million dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
That 's why an app that shows you in a couple of days and spread viral form is a kind of shot shot at the institution of the government .
It suggests the government better ways of working , not like private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , without restrictions , in open and generative , generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the government question that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution that 's a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost in sight .
And it 's that if you let the feelings of the politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you get crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now many people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember that from `` We , the village , '' how to think about it will affect the way that change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , a matter of <unk> .
This is the phone care center , and information 's phone care center .
It 's the place that serves the phone calls if you 're making 311 in the U.S .
Scott answered this call .
He joined the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the gates of your house , put your music right and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So , by Scott .
But that was not the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile phone call .
You do n't make that application .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New <unk> New <unk> .
One day , this really happened , it comes to this request : `` <unk> in my bucket of trash . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to go out ? ''
The <unk> of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to people .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , found the garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes .
I went home . I went home .
Good evening , sweet night . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of a platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to engage and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
It connected to two people .
And it might have connected to the government services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services .
When one neighbor helps another , they 're going to break the communities .
If we call the animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the input of the other .
That our government input is the vote .
How many times have chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is a huge ocean , and politics is a <unk> surface layer .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps us that we finance as something that operates on our against , that other thing , and as a result , we are losing power .
People believe politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy become sensual .
Because it 's where the true government work occurs .
We have to collaborate with the government machinery .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Did you see them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that have written a very detailed report on 325 pages in response to the request of the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's activism .
And for those of us who have resigned to the government , it 's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to do without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology as possible , it 's possible to root the government function so that it can expand against civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act out , you only have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years so that I , so reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their views in any channel at the same time and they do .
So when you face the government problem , you do n't really care about to make your voices hear .
They 're using hands .
They bring hands into the work for programming applications that will work better for government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , by taking away weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could have cleaned up those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers , not only we are consumers of government that pay taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't promote citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or are we going to be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in marginalized communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED seeing and hearing these stimulation is given a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that they say here have impact around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I say this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my work .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house in an African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word in a whole discussion in the family .
She began many of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia and 1840s .
She was born over the 1880s and his experience with slavery as he saw the world .
She was tough , but she was also loving .
When I was little , and I looked at it , she was approaching , and I was approaching a good hug .
I was so strong I could barely breathe , and then I was going to give myself .
One or two hours later , I would come back to her , and he was approaching , and he said , `` <unk> , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I was telling him that no , I 'm going to remind myself again , and if I said yes , I was leaving peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is , I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
And he looked at her and she smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , and he took me out of his hand and said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're going to talk to you . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget .
It took me out and said , `` You know , <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'll argue that you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and she looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been looking at you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to get me three things to me .
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to pretend that I 'm always going to plug it . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to tell me is you 're always going to do the right thing , though the right is difficult . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to ask me is that you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural , I 've got a brother a year old and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six beers package , I do n't know where he got her , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We just got to do the crazy truth .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Come on .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I went back and went , `` Oh , I 'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells us all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was clear .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this will be widely spreading .
But I have 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this is thinking it 's an virtue ; I mean that it 's the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that they really do n't see sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that they do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother said that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage them .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
Today , there are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the biggest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor and black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so despair , determined by these facts .
One of every three black black and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young men in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's about much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth that affects the results .
And it seems to be very calm .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
It seems to me interesting .
We 're looking at our work some really curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , I would give you any rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the law of voting .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was about 13 years to die in prison .
We have this country prison for children , without any chance of coming out .
Now we 're in the process of some litigation now .
The only country in the world .
I represent people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a certain sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine people executed , he has identified one that is innocent and liberated from death row .
A rate of error , amazing -- an innocent degree of every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would n't be allowed to fly airplanes if from every nine you would take off , you would have been crashing .
But we kind of isolate us from the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our load .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted until World War II .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were concerned to be bombarded .
The terror threat was what he defined his lives .
Now there are older people who come up with me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you pops talks , you 're talking about the people to stop saying that in our history cope for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , about segregation and decades of separation and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what historically we 've done .
And all the time we had each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that we could n't overcome racially segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's good worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
Naturally , we will never be able to get it here . ''
The room stayed in silence , and a lady said , `` There is no way that with our history , we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , put us to run people . ''
Let 's go on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these things that hard , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both things .
We recently talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that 's going to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that will never come to TED .
If you think about them , it is , in some ways , something that 's inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
That 's how rational , despite being so rational , engaged with intellectual .
So with innovation , with creativity . Developing development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas also for the convictions of the heart .
This connection in the mind is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard thing .
We 're going to have <unk> , the biggest leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for spirit , a will to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , that still in communities as TED must engage .
There 's no relationship related to technology and design , that allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we neglect these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together simply to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady named me , to say , `` <unk> , come from the Parks lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Be lady . Yes . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> me , give me this idea of justice , equal .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We tried to help those who have been convicted wrongfully .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We tried to end up with the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
And I gave it all my best speech , and I gave it all my best speech , and then I looked at me and said , `` Mmmmm , hmm . ''
And he added , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Ms. <unk> leaned down , he put his finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think , actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to find the way to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been trained in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's basic dignity in people who must be <unk> by law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very annoying , very exhilarating , we 're not going to judge our technology , for our designs , not for our intellectual and rational capacity .
In the end of the end to judge the character of a society , not how they deal with rich , powerful and privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the doomed ones , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
And sometimes I 'm broken . I 'm going to end up with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my experiences in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of toughness .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients at 13 and I see my clients , and they 've been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn somebody into what is n't ?
The judge is <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One evening , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something that you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As it was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 customer , a little , poor , black .
I started to work in <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for my black customer , I was treated as a privileged white for 75 years , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I found that there had been exoplanet conduct in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , it was n't just <unk> , but I 'd sent it to court .
It was about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I went on to the car , and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into court to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man ; it was the courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who 's you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
And so I walked up to me , and they ripped up .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That really connected my inside , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the hearings room .
When I walked into , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this audacity to <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , Mr . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They came to the policemen , the assistants , the auxiliary prosecutors .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . Everybody furious , because we talked about races , because we were talking about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I was going to see what was going on and came .
I would look out the window and try to hear all that <unk> .
It was walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , walked in the room and sat behind me , almost on the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant showed him upset because he had entered the room .
The assistant ran over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audiences room ? ''
And the old black stood up , he looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I walked into this audience of audiences to tell this young man who keep your view on the goal of <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today , because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
That we can not be truly human , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to the other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to the brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of the present people who share this , I just want to tell you that you keep your view on the goal of <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see an apparent wish of the audience , from this community , to help you do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are various opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there 's going to be a <unk> this spring in which you will make an effort to replicate the funds that you spend today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty , over the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the homicide cases , not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't come to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law , the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge drop in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is , it 's called the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say that that 's like that ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes of violence .
It 's the wrong war .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince us on the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life in life , by stealing a bicycle , by small crimes against property crimes , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've excited about it today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : <unk> the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> : The police shine . spray .
Announcer 4 : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> 6 : <unk> social : 65 dead : 65 dead .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> of tsunami : <unk> .
Several <unk> : mass destruction , mass destruction .
Recession : <unk> . <unk> .
Death . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got over the last six months -- <unk> might be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the press media prefer to make negative news because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting a lot more data than the brain can actually process .
And as nothing cares about survival , the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking at something in the environment that could make us damage .
So in a <unk> of stories , we would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , sell , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us a negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder that we would be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is wrong to worse .
But it may not be that way .
Maybe , instead , what happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create an abundance of abundance over the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water scarcity , water scarcity ; we have no question .
As human beings are very good at <unk> the problems and , in the long , we ended up with them .
Let 's take a look at what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average per capita income adjusted for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles assumes that global literacy spent 25 percent over the last 130 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget about it .
And we continue to give them a higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in the U.S. , much of the people living under the poverty line , have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of this is technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
So , my good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> on the technology of information is running on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is in your pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the smooth thing that is -- in good , bad times , in the war and in peace , in recession , in recession , in the rise .
It 's the end of fast computers that used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop in front of the big challenges .
And although it 's <unk> in a law on the left , the curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , to Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , the 3D printing and their ability to democratize infinite , sensors and personalized production around the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , <unk> and A.I . .
I mean , how many saw the victory on the `` Jeopardy of Watson , from IBM ? ''
It was epic .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline that I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy is not an easy game . ''
He plays with the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We taught these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd .
We can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single planet , it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that frees resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story from Napoleon III in the middle of the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate out of silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington tip to Washington is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is twice of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied up for oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up with aluminum and he made aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was <unk> .
We 've got this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : earthquake , rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents of national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the water in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft on the Earth , in 1990 , after he happened Saturn ?
So I picked up a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is water , and we fight for half percent of the water on the planet , but there 's also a hope .
It 's an available technology not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the <unk> .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do it -- his technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any saltwater , polluted water , <unk> by less than two cents the gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola has just thought that I 'm going to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have a confidence that that 's that way , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation that today exists .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 's 25 years ago .
And with a smart smartphone with Google , he has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that nobody could have predicted before .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , video , images , books of books and music , <unk> technology , <unk> now and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best to get it when it comes to health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with what they 're talking about , and since it has AI , they can tap into the blood of your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent health workers .
Now , when this device <unk> an RNA virus or DNA , it 's not going to be calling to call the health care , and in the first place , avoiding the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , going from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard before you add to the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What about going ? What desire do you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection of the story .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And let 's get more health because of <unk> , from a better education with Khan Academy , and because of the use of impressions 3D and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity , healthier educated and productive ?
How about some voices never before heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What are these 3,000 billion ?
And if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously able to make large corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played these college teachers , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined up and began to play .
And it has shown that today the machinery of human patterns is better folding protein than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me huge trust in the future is that we have more power to take the great challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator 's passion .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to have to work on to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We 've got some extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in <unk> .
Maybe they thought he was chosen , but he did n't .
They actually pick fish .
And he described one of them as `` common . ''
It was grouper .
It was really caught up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red List on the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story a lot of times , about Galapagos and elsewhere , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures are still <unk> .
So what 's going on here ?
Second story , also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , of the mangroves .
He had <unk> from about 20 centimeters , tilapia black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going on for a good time , so it was made over the middle in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had gone down to half .
They went back to five centimeters .
Let 's get a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the intro 's introduction in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , well , it started in <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called <unk> 4 .
I went fishing in him , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea Sea and , above all , in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured was sponges and other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny , tiny little remains about the remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the sea bottom came to deck and then was <unk> .
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start fishing .
The bottom of being a soft coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . He wrote them because they were dead .
Once we captured a living .
It was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because he was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what collected the fishermen every time they go to an area where they never have fish .
But it 's not yet documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
So , you know , the starting point , again , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Each generation of using images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the dominance of change .
And in the end , they maintain some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killed by killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal which is very plentiful , before extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose any plentiful animals .
You lose some frequent animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Eventually , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with large fish .
They become somewhat common because we take them off .
Over time , there 's a few fish there , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will because the evidence was in an earlier way is not the way they would expect that they have the evidence .
So , for example , the anecdote that some present , such as the captain of some present and maybe looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually , use the fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From there , the enormous paper that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with marine protected zones , we really visualize the past .
We 'd run the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has been running and extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the Middle Midwest , for example ?
I think the arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum . It simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay -- 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think in `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were being moved through the movie , I 'll talk about the story of <unk> why do you relate to the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a certain sense , has lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , doing `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
That 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are made viral and what important is that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed like something very , very difficult .
But today , the web video is making any of us , or our actions , copper lies in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And , of those , just a little percentage , just a small percentage , gets a myriad of hits and it makes cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside of his house in National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This chart shows the views on the summit rise of the past summer .
He was n't doing a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you call Yosemite Mountain Mountain .
I 've posted a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the popular video .
The creators of trends as Jimmy Kimmel present to us new and interesting things and <unk> them to a larger audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want to get on Friday . You all want it to come up on Friday . KA : <unk> . We started Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw about 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` rainbow rainbow , '' this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and a lot of blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of creators embrace a point of view and they share it with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who shares this great inner joke , then it starts to talk about that and do things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other .
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` Cat Cat '' is repetitive animation with a chord .
That 's what it is .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know there 's a number of three hours you 've seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there 's cats who saw other cats watching the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up among the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of it .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , the whole <unk> community , which made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form in .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we are involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` ascent rainbow , '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> '' ?
What 's going to have been written that we 're doing this situation ?
In a world where two days of video goes up for a minute , just that truly unique thing , and it can be unexpected in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against <unk> tickets in New York , I admit that I was n't really interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket ticket by <unk> , but there are often obstacles that prevent you <unk> properly by <unk> .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect and your humor , Casey <unk> did , who was five million you saw and understand your idea .
So this approach is worth for all of the new things that we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The trend creators , creative communities of participation , completely unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access to , and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , he started YouTube .
You do n't ask for permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're barely the current media , but we 're going to make the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique hopes of unity and freedom in its country .
Imagine as the communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , friends , now they were making them .
It 's <unk> in silence .
She died out of history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story was treated by <unk> , but <unk> it .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat where we 're turning into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , I was just 18 years when his father died , and a marriage <unk> and two little girls .
For her , life had meant to a task , the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> , four years that challenges the fiction , a boat slid over to the sea marked fishing ship .
Every adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was the pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother had a <unk> with poison .
If you catch up , we first took my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow will put into each wave , and the vast horizon and vacuum .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to break for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed , and he died , end up the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given for the men on the platform .
No apple had the same taste later .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the suburbs of the middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that were coming from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> of English fragments among people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double change .
Still , I found time to study English and get a degree in I.T .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and he set up an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , would n't matter what 's supposed to take away , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two pair pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And I had weird <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Asians , come home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me would be shocked .
He was accumulating and a voice he said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would stay in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we had told us about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until your nightmares started to be able to <unk> .
She opened a computer store , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic , relentless , relentless , relentless , relentless Asian .
In the other , I was very excited in poor lives , tragically , by violence , of drug abuse and isolation .
But many received help through the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyers , they elected me the young Australian woman of the year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but his edges did n't fit .
You know , the anonymous resident of <unk> , it was now so much of him , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in places that I 'd never heard , and in houses whose existence had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters finishing up the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and this <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when we get on the boat .
`` No '' had never been an option .
`` Get on , '' he said , `` You 're not going to be what you 're not . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the courage .
And the more I was talking , the more I was talking about , the more it was the patent .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what loved them , living on the border of possible .
And although I ended up my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer 's career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an stranger , a <unk> , new on the scene -- and not just that it 's good , but it 's something to be grateful , maybe a ship 's gift .
Because to be inside it can easily mean the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yeah , that the world will melt , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , an relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
It was going to be a small group of people for the slogan that `` ca n't do '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , I made a giant soup pot that we all share .
Let 's go back to it at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
after one journey .
My hunches again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
The 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without their husband 's support , he caused an uproar to her and take the cause herself , and a lot more <unk> caused when he won .
It ca n't prove to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the shower of the shower , and I saw the other side of it .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her coffin .
We tell stories and we make sure that we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body that 's so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken her hand since tomorrow , '' he said .
`` You have n't got it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed , we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated .
The defeat would have been able to do it easily .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could want that to do that ?
However , I fear the privilege of how easy it is , right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , a courageous one in each wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them , they would .
<unk> <unk> and my mother 's mother is today , in the fourth or fifth line .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer Ali Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the old Indian Indian Indian historian `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days , when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do this with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , I had thirst , pull out a bow and with a <unk> on the floor , I got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that was a lot of fun .
Every time I felt a little more <unk> .
I 'm going to get this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends .
It seemed that technology had to allow the magic , not to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me her <unk> <unk> .
And this 50 years ago was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the sense that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras prevent <unk> .
Let 's make our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
It was books for the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative of storytelling that will connect the whole world 's readers .
You can know how we took the book .
Where we are .
Take text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
It says , `` puts your fingers on each light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
At several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes to me .
My inner girl gets excited with all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but that little magic of childhood , to those ideas that we 're going to make of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always turned out .
So here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually light up your way on what 's addition to the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book and every world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there have been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another very important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor poor people have been trapped in Indra cameras for millennia , in an old old book .
So we 're bringing them back in a contemporary child .
In a story that deals with today 's issues like environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : <unk> , rocks , <unk> and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you 've got to go out and , in a chapter , you 'll take a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag .
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we have to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video switched on and through augmented reality , a bunch of cartoons that appear on plants inside the house .
At a moment , the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and you have to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to go into a world where the forces of nature are <unk> and magic and technology come to one another .
It 's called the sun 's energy .
We 're getting closer to our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic , joy and child love that we 're sitting through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was a head of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea , and I asked patients , family and known patients , what happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that we all , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob .
Every morning I get on .
And yeah , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I plug in , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when I needed <unk> assistance or some urgency of that style , but to see her backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I would connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I get up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure from the pairs that are used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people from their chairs and together develop some <unk> activity to have more control .
From the next week .
This little <unk> attached to an iPhone or another device .
And people are going to be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , push their blood pressure and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to regain the control and to be captains of their own boat ; but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share it with you .
We all have shipping <unk> .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get <unk> lives right now .
So what we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that : If you look at a <unk> , please go back where , and when it 's open , because sometimes you open up at an office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> are already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use your cellphone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also like <unk> .
And we would like to go globally .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , you can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
They could be <unk> services or telephone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in place .
Please help us help and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share housework .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
He mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushed .
For me the photograph had more to be in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start the trigger .
It 's like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it 's got an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism level .
And when I say realism <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can think of , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
We have to have to think a moment to figure out the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are colors or colors ?
Does that light up ?
What creates illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined some ways you can create something that looks still three-dimensional ; as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that there is no .
So , let 's get into the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process when we combine the photographs .
It really has to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think that 's the ones we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when we combine photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will look wrong .
So I would like to say there are three simple rules that are going to get realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images actually get these requirements ; they were taken by the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is filtered .
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places .
In the personal thing , I think it 's easier to create a place than find it because you do n't need to put in danger of the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought this in the winter , I knew I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pit .
And yeah , even I did the house of the top of the island of the island to make it look more popular .
So to achieve a realistic outcome , I think lack planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder of mine .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general look .
It 's about a analysis that we 're doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with curves with <unk> curves .
So here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because I write about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it gives change qualitative .
If the technology of transportation is as fast as the microprocessors , you could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it 's not moving at that rate .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of growth that every few years forward to advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible for this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , and it 's like this until it comes something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something will happen .
So we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask myself , is , what is that new way that you adopt the world ?
Why is the world going up the world ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember as a child the future was happening in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something is happening .
It 's a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all going to be so different that extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things over the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each one billion years .
So , you go back about two billion years when the Earth was a big <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals that are going around around them .
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there 's some theories to start understanding the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it is that , at that time , I had floating with some oil droplets with all sorts of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside , and the blobs grew up in the blobs of the outside .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random prescription recipe .
And every time you have a split , an unequal distribution of chemicals made .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the blobs that somehow become better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around ; they were growing more and more chemists and split more .
Mostly lived , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things were interesting , but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
Somehow we do n't understand very well these droplets , they learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution system that allowed them to record what they were so they could replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here 's 100 <unk> of white dust that I try to hide the security people in the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- The code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and I 'll get it 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants to be 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them for everyone here -- in fact , for every single person in the world and here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and would have spread through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to form the community communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved the resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave them a place that would become communities that , in a way , were together together , and a synergy set .
And so they survived or failed together , whether a community was very successful , all of the individuals in that community were more , and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came to become so close that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe out of the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And in that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are not acting alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved , and they produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These began <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than process information .
These are neural structures .
The neurons are the ones that process the information that those mobile cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at the time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the evolutionary period period .
So an organism could , for example , learning not to eat some fruits , because I knew bad , and he got sick the last time he ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because before these information processing structures would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals eating that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system build those structures of information was hugely the evolutionary process greatly .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , the individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is the human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in my head .
I 'm sitting here just sitting emitting some grunting and , hopefully , building a similar idea , vague and confused , on his heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated to make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started doing abstractions .
We now go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms ; we abstract our methods of registry , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we 're now built to handle that information .
And that brings us together in something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You know , the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it made some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years from each other .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , it looks like just a few decades .
The process is <unk> ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that makes its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the more quickly it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process feeds back .
But I get my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that I could try to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me design them .
I do n't know that every transistor in that machine of links .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think of an abstraction level , we put it on the machine and the machine with it does something that you could n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions at random , to run all those programs , and take those of the people who are going to be connected to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say , I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are more close to tidying up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did ?
It 's <unk> those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to make you the best ordered numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> a process of homologous hearing to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which <unk> children , which <unk> <unk> , and that the kids would make the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Let 's go again .
It would take some mutations .
And it tries again and try again with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in <unk> cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that you have absolutely perfect form .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they did it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that we get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
And I was going on a 747 in a 747 , and he 's got a card , and he goes , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than it produces normal engineering .
Yet we do n't understand the whole choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster , and so we could run these programs much faster .
So it 's <unk> .
It 's getting faster and faster , and I think it looks so <unk> .
Because all of these technologies are fed back .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our thinking that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now it 's the lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I get caught up .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've been doing enough time for me to give myself part of my fake prestige .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end of the end of the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because it 's going to be `` <unk> the rules '' -- talk about the statistics and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you .
It 's called the average of <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , from a <unk> .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three than 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of game without being caught , and anybody who tries to throw it out to the first base , not coming to time , and the second basis will be saved .
Three 10 attempts .
Do you know how they call a <unk> of 300 in the Great Hall ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know how they call a baseball pot ?
By the way , that 's somebody that 10 hits , they get four .
<unk> -- like Darwin Williams , the last player in the Major League of <unk> in making more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to give this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place , and a loved self has two clogged arteries , and their family doctor derived to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's getting better .
And his hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But they ask them .
What do you think should be the average of hits from a heart surgeon or an orthopedic or a nurse 's <unk> ?
One , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon or a medical doctor .
What we do , however , is send them to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was doing when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman was studied until for a blood test .
Such .
It was <unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of the General General General in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
Out of my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching out of every artery that comes out of your aorta , diagnostic differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis of how to classify the kidney disclosure .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very well ; I graduated out there .
And <unk> from the medical school with the impression that if you were to <unk> everything , then you would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because I would get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought to the lady , I was brought to the emergency service where I worked .
At that time , I was assigned to service in cardiology .
And when emergency guy requested to a cardiologist , I was going to go to that patient .
And I report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , I was shut up .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gives me a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and , instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these are <unk> , and so there 's a hard time breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did that , and I started working on the treatment I would give him .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that it could eliminate liquid .
And in one hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , I sent her home .
I actually made two more errors .
I sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
He did n't have the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , which was to call my boss and <unk> him for her to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to bring samples out .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that paid constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , who could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By send it to your house , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my inside that I was saying , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , he was so insecure that he asked the nurse to take care of the <unk> lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he thought about it , and he just said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he was signed the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital ward .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I do normally .
He happened to the emergency emergency service .
And there another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady before , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid , too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the patients that we see .
The three words are : You remember you ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
In an hour of an hour of arriving at home , after I gave him the high , he suffered from a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance brought in the emergency room with a $ 50 blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I was just breathing and was blue .
The emergency staff go through all their resources .
They gave it medication to raise your blood pressure .
And he 's got an artificial ventilator .
I was <unk> and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and waiting for all of hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days after the next few days , it was clear that we never did .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'd become <unk> to what was happening .
And at the ninth day , they let go . The <unk> lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I was amazed by that , and I experienced for the first time , the embarrassment of shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy , because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make peace and never else makes that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves teaching .
The embarrassment that I 'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very badly within .
It 's the thing that tells us not that what we did was bad , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to do things , and it made sure that I did n't get angry .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't my boss ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst moments , why made a mistake so silly ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little to little that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And on one cloudy day , the sky opened up and finally went out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were to <unk> the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes , I would do and those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it turned back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a throat .
I was very busy and a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I looked down , I was a little bit <unk> .
He refused to penicillin and sent him back home .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing her throat .
Two days later , when I came to my head shift , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I made the three words : You remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who saw out of your throat ?
Well he came back and he did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for it at Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but it can cause the closing of those pathways .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
It 's been <unk> antibiotics and recovered and recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I came back and returned to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Two times in the same emergency shift , I do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're going to attend to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order , an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague that I was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
And I 've got a liquid order for <unk> and asked my colleague to take it .
I checked and notice some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both were operated and recovered .
But every case I was <unk> , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful have been over the last five years .
Only embarrassed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get to you , and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the voice that tells me what happens to me , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would walk into a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party , you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about your own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , I also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me I would have difficulty looking at your eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of errors .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't ; those who ca n't sleep and those who do n't sleep , and the ones that have great numbers and those who have great outcomes .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you pull out from medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of malpractice malpractice and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Star Star to my program : `` White Art , Black Art .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital is wrong , or do it not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 500,000 Canadians by preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Institute in America established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so that 's how things are .
And a hospital system where knowledge is attacked every two or three years , and we do n't get us .
deprivation deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow making a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it 's <unk> with <unk> eyes and breath with alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story would become kind of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't make their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all professionals prone to error , well , not any one .
And about that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white , black art , '' I would say to you all , from the ambulance to the chief of heart surgery , I would tell everyone , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they 're going to
And his students would be <unk> , and they 're going to go down the head and get saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , you do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The liberal doctor is human , it 's human , she accepts it , and it does n't be proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out of other people 's errors are not with the intention of getting them , but in a loving and support manner for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I feel so much , but I 'm effort to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
Recently , I made a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices that says to pick an American medium , are about 70 to the day .
Not very much ago , in a research followed by a group of business presidents .
The researchers placed in the different tasks , <unk> by these executives and the time that we were trying to make related decisions with those tasks .
They found that , on average , let 's have jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required for an hour or more of their time .
Now think of your choices .
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many time ?
How do you tell the way that those decisions drive those decisions ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : to pick the choices for the options .
I want to talk about the problem and about some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if you do a question , if your answer is positive please please shake .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of the choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this supermarket , very high supermarket ; at least at that time , it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables , and 25 of bottled water , and this was when we take water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why do I never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from <unk> trees .
I just decided to go to the manager , and I asked him , `` It works well this strategy of offering all these choices ? ''
He pointed out to me the buses filled with tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to make a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had different kinds of different kinds .
<unk> a post for <unk> , right to the entrance to store .
We put it out there <unk> of six flavors or 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what would people have been willing to stop to try and try to sell it ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what they were more likely to buy a pot of jelly .
So here we find the opposite effect .
What stopped when there were 24 , only three percent got to buy jelly .
Of those who stood when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought mud .
If we do the calculations , the people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they found six , if they found 24 .
Well , to decide that we do n't buy jelly jelly , we probably want them to be good at conserving <unk> , but it turns out that the overload problem is affected us to momentous decisions .
We decided to do not decide , even though this is not going to be true .
Now the theme of the day : financial saving .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we looked at decisions about savings savings about one million Americans , from around 650 plans in this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of hedge offers available in retirement savings plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two , to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger the fundraising number was offered , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they would like .
And in the plans that I was offered 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to the '60s .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the greater the number of choices , more people will be engaged by avoiding actions or investment funds .
As soon as there were more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are going to have to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences of providing more and more possibilities .
Now , the most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is even when it 's going to go against the self-interest .
They are more likely to make the worst decisions , in finance and health care .
They 're more likely to pick out some less fulfilling things , even though they make them better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard and vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition .
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so they can test them in business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard him before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're seeing is increasingly that if you decide to cut , get rid of all strange redundant options , there will be a rise in the sales , <unk> the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When you were a Gamble country from 26 different types of Head books to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
Now , when the Golden Gate corporation removed the products of cats that less were sold , it increased the profit by 87 percent , by two , major sales and less costs .
You know , supermarkets , in average , they 're offering 45,000 products .
In a tent , there are about 100,000 products .
But the largest store in the world today is <unk> and offering <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the best choices is the <unk> of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
And all the employees of Harvard are that it will automatically be in a safe background of life .
And you really want to pick , you 're offered 20 dollars , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences there are among those options .
And if your employees can not tell you , you ca n't do it . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was chatting with Gary .
He said to me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a vacation with all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Applause claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of the options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very , very , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they 're using debit cards or credit , than when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out to make it more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were sticking to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , which was exactly how it used to do , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff that would think about the positive things that were going to make their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent affiliations and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hall .
We saw that in the <unk> supermarkets , in the northeast row of the northeast row , the exhibition of magazine can contain from 331 different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell you .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , keep a pat .
A few applause ) Well , there 's some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , keep a pat .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This rating framework is totally useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not that defines .
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds .
I suppose who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think about , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow completely <unk> .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build your car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one .
Color , the outside of the car . I 'm 56 possibilities .
Motor engine , box box ; four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which decisions make .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options , four boxes , in 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look ?
How involved you are .
If it 's always the default button in any decision , it indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We find that the ones that go from many options at a few , they would have the default button over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was we put the order in which information is presented .
If we start with easy , you learn to pick .
Although the picking up the box is not saying nothing about the preferences of the inner decoration , in all ways you make you to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building now is more engaged with the process .
To sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of the choices : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives -- <unk> , making it real ; we can handle more categories with less choices ; we can build complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help handle the alternatives , or better , for you to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful how to pick it .
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Eastern Germany , if you had a typewriter machine , I had to honor the government .
I had to register a piece of text , written with the machine .
And this for government could track the origin of texts .
If they found a script with the wrong message , they could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , how much of this will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that site will end up having a little yellow dot on each page that follow a pattern that makes them just one and their printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to be very <unk> for this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
Our cybercriminals are .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city from Kiev in Ukraine .
Today 's mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really a lot of cases of millionaires online , billionaires , who would give money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred sculptures .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , and he 's <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means through banking trojans , to steal the money from our accounts when we buy online , or steal our key keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this account was <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain walks out ; they know his stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victim of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to be wrong .
In the future , most crimes will happen online .
The second group of bombers that we observe today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves it , motivate the protests , motivate the opinions , give you laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous has gone through the last 12 months occupying a leading role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that they do to protest , and the last group is the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an authority from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
We 'd run the safety of the site , and it perpetrated a <unk> .
Last week , I said , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they were able to find out the death of people to become an attack on the attack .
And the answer to him was yes .
So how do people die because of a attack ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
Why do they serve the certificates ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services called <unk> , services like Gmail .
That triggered a foreign <unk> authority .
And that causes us to give us certified certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt in Egypt , the Egyptian secret headquarters in April of 2011 , 2011 , and during the occupation of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian <unk> government to intercept the communication of the citizens of the country .
They 'd been sold for 10,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , we found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today 's going further .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We could even infect tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think about things like this , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but I do n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument makes no sense .
It 's at stake .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today is forever .
Would you blind in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions we 're worried about in the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of Yellowstone National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi has no fences at most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , and this is what they do .
Let 's make our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and so soon we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and so we value it so much .
So I grew up getting a lot of hate lions .
They were dying are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in Yellowstone National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for his father 's cattle and this was the same thing that was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first thought was to use fire , because I thought the lions were scared .
But I realized that actually did n't work , because I even helped lions see the barn .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to trick lions to believe he was near the barn .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So I jumped and killed animals . ''
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn on and turn out the lights .
And this is a broken lamp lamp .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> electricity into the small <unk> box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lights off .
As you can see , the <unk> get out , because that 's where lions come from .
And that 's how lions see lions when they come from night .
The lights are <unk> and <unk> to lions to think that I 'm walking through the barn , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses have heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals animals and asked if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I have installed them at seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea also is used now for all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to pursue farms elephants .
Thank you to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funding and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and we set up lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I show you how to put them to them .
So one year ago , it was just a child in the grasslands of the savanna , <unk> the cows of my father , and I used to watch planes fly , and I would say that one day would be inside one day .
And here I am .
I got a chance to come in airplane for the first time at TED .
My great dream is to become an engineer and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting you are to hear a story like you .
So you get a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA : An electric fence ?
<unk> : I know it 's already invented electrical fences , but I want to make my own .
CA : You 've got it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : In the canyon , Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
Let 's go to <unk> in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` Not <unk> anything . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we would go all the time studying Kim <unk> 's history , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public performance .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I 'd never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When we put this out , the five members of the family will stop in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead in the street , holding a child <unk> in her arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about to take care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine followed North Korea to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only a few survived , eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent , the energy cuts , all around me was completely in dark at night except for the lights of the sea in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which is <unk> between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Africa to secretly .
But many of them die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how we left from North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought that I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as refugee refugee .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because the North North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a very scary fear that my identity was <unk> , and it would be attributed to a horrific destiny back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was done , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had been accused to be <unk> , so I 'd put my skills in the Chinese language and made a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't look natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , the officer said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum in embassy .
But many of them may be arrested by Chinese police and XKeyscore .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had caught them , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are caught in China and discarded to North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and struggle so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , the whole world can be served in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much bigger challenge of what I expected .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call out of me .
Although we went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the entrance exam to university .
Just when I was starting to go back to my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korean authorities <unk> some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced the force to a location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the road to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went down several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody 's identification , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came to my family , he impulse on my foot , and I said that they were <unk> people that I was accompanying .
I looked at him , but fortunately I thought .
We did all the way to the Laos border .
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after I went through the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated to crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison home from South Korea .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost the hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man ask , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two North Koreans .
I thank her all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he told me .
I 'm helping the village <unk> .
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unknown <unk> a new hope for me and to the people we needed when we needed it .
And I showed myself that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community is really the rays of hope that the people <unk> need .
Over time , after our long trip , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go back to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , language practices , labor practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with familiar with family , and we 're sending information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans all over the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central Center .
This is South , <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else , so they changed to Los Angeles to South Los Angeles , as if this is what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South L.A . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
So , just like we 're going to take millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles and South Central Center , home for the food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to carry killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of your house , you see the harmful food system that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs bought and sold as a used cars .
I see daycare centers centers like Starbucks .
And I think this should stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a field of land we call a gardening .
It 's from 45 feet , x 3 .
The point is , that belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what I can do , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we got together and started to plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group in advance of gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city goes over , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made right .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A judicial warrant for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' And so he was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time I was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition in Change.org , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that they were supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America , with more <unk> terrain .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell does n't you look good at this ?
It 's a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
It <unk> your own food is how to print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
And I grew up there . Let my kids go there .
I 'm going to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
Just as an graffiti artist , which was going to go down walls , I would land , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees and the trees are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what land can do , if you leave your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness to how my garden became a tool of education , of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how the kids do .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother and her daughter , were like <unk> at night and they were in my garden , and they were in my garden , and they saw very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for one reason .
I felt ashamed to see people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't I admit that people will steal your food ? ''
I 'm saying , `` Oh , God no , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared his stories about how this had affected , and how they used to plant them , and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So , Green <unk> has come to plant 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all of a volunteer plan .
If kids are grown <unk> , kids ate <unk> .
If you raise tomatoes , they ate tomatoes . But if nothing of it is taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects your mind and body , they eat blind what they put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're trapped . I see guys of color that are on this path designed for them , that does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are being engaged in their communities to have sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George <unk> , <unk> Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability , is you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to get people to work , take the kids out of the street , to get the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , you 'll take them to take your product right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , do n't you call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your hands so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably will all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always in days as today , in which it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water in asphalt that makes a splash .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle and these cars , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads in <unk> asphalt .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can pass through it , so the entire water will flow sideways and have a road that it 's easy to drive , and you do n't have water ever else .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What 's getting rid of ? You see , on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First one stone , then several more and more and more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bump into that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the UV , to the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it 's <unk> , they will be <unk> and <unk> from <unk> .
So if you drive the road , you will get <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can do this material , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
Malaria can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is it heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> will flow through these <unk> and the stones will go back to the surface .
Today , a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a system .
I put the sample , which now I 'm going to get to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tested a lot of samples out there and then the government , really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So you gave us a little bit of road , 400 meters from the <unk> highway , where we had to do a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
We made the samples available , we put a lot of payload on them , and we put them together with our induction machine and our bodies , and we went back to it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers into these fibers , using these fibers , actually increase the life of the surface of the road , even you can double the life of the surface .
And now , of course , you have a bit of curiosity if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repair acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up in one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC at his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban went , `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
Very real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were born from Afghanistan and they made it illegal for girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was amazed as a child to be accountable to my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be educated .
Every day , we would take a different route for anybody to suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in the market bags so that we could look at it .
School was in a house , over 100 of us very tight in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were going to explore our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school was suddenly closed for a week , because the Pakistani Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan : <unk> in that her daughter , my mother , out to school , and her father would destroy him .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He took two years ago , just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first one of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate your children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated about our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay for your education , we will .
So do you still want not to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate from <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from her home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He was not just <unk> from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm driving it on the streets of Kabul .
My family thinks in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country that is still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see his parents and his families that , like mine , <unk> by them , despite them and even in front of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from the way from <unk> to his village , and literally , he was escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When I arrived at home , they 're the phone , a voice told him that if he was sending her daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my daughter for her old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've given to realize Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who <unk> , there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school in a hundred -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would n't last much , after retirement from the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I see the students in my school and their parents who were struggling for them , that I 'm glad , I see a future <unk> and lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day , the girls of <unk> remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you 'd never come back to a revolutionary <unk> revolutionary . ''
It 's been nearly two years since the <unk> revolution broke out inspired by the massive <unk> of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
It 's a forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution on the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the cutting edge , pushing the fall of the regime , they carry opposition , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of a brutal war of a brutal war , and a loss of roughly 50,000 people , we managed to release our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a chore , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , and I 've wanted to , along with many other women , rebuild the civil society , pushing a single inclusive transition towards democracy and reconciliation .
There are about 200 organizations in <unk> , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on development development , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we started the <unk> of Women <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and by our right to participation equal to build democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> environment , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> from selfish domination of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was made and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
Yet a little bit , the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day , we were in the news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the United States of the American ambassador , and the attack on <unk> .
Another day , we wake up with the news of the official murder of the military .
And every day , every day we wake up with the militias of the militia and their <unk> violations of human rights and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , a revolutionary mindset , became more , and it 's removed from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution .
I 'm not here today at all today to inspire them with our success list of `` <unk> list '' and elections .
Now , I 'm here today to confess this today to confess that we , as a nation , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize good .
Because elections did n't brought for peace , stability and security .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men and women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the feminine values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus beyond what the choices needed , which only insert the polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female that 's going to need numerical representation and quantitative representation .
We need to stop acting as outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which not only <unk> , but also put the mercy in practice of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , beans by the war , needs desperately to be able to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy of alchemy , which is about <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and men .
That 's true <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> <unk> <unk> -- peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> <unk> and maternal , which spans all of humanity that men and women , which all tribes and all the peoples have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , it grows in , the divine matrix of compassion is <unk> all the existence .
That 's what we 're like , `` My mercy spans all things . ''
That 's what it is like , `` My mercy is also about my anger . ''
That all of you , that everybody 's grace to do the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody is always doing : Why is she left ?
Why would someone go to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I was just at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , went through my head with a gun , loaded with <unk> bullets .
The man , who I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and <unk> me more than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` love love , '' a psychological trap , living in love , where every year , millions of women , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> English from Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies working for the `` Fortune 500 '' list , between them -- Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been nearly 20 years old with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all the religions , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and long duration or , saying in another way , in families , the last place where we would want or we would expect to find violence ; why , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would lie with a man who sticks , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of the ages , and more than 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , its warning signals or its patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and wet night in January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he was also <unk> from an Ivy League university , and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that I was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field of the field .
He had some big <unk> like apples , and a foreign hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it all over the beginning of a pedestal .
We started coming out and loved everything about me , which was ready , that I 'd gone to Harvard , who would be passionate about helping teenage girls , and my work .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done it .
And it was why the bachelor 's degree in that Big school and the job on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York and leaving my dreams ' work , but I thought that I had to do a couple of your partner , so I accepted my job and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love `` crazy love , '' which was entering a physical , financially and psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it .
And here 's where those gun come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where you were supposed to feel so secure it was bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
And another he kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those gun because of the trauma that he lived in small .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those gun were actually a message for me , and even though I had never raised my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's girlfriend and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure we were living happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very regretted .
There was just a very pressing sense very overwhelmed by the wedding , and in fact , a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never make harm .
I spent two times more on our honey moon .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me , and he gave me so hard in my head that he would spend several times against the window of the car .
And then a couple days later , driving back our <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and threw me a cool Mac to the face .
<unk> followed himself , or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was thinking , when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or harassment at some point in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control is that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stand ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was picking up with me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help to face his devils .
The other question everybody does is : Why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the most sad and painful question that people do , because we , victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killing percent of domestic violence happens after the victim has finally put to the relationship , after leaving , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to married , stopped with financial resources , and manipulation of financial health care , and their children , who normally are forced by judges to spend time not to do with the man who will <unk> their mother .
And we still ask why it simply does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he was allowed .
So I broke silence .
I told everybody , and the police , my neighbors and my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because everybody .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims like spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims of them intentionally love by men who want to destroy .
But since I published `` Love love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who have also retreated , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and that they would promote their lives , joyful , happy lives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a typical domestic violence survivor .
I became marrying a young man cute , and we have those three children .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to get again , never , is a <unk> pistol pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says he wants to .
Right now , the same time you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what silly was it , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about .
I assure you that there are a few people that are listening to me right now , that they 're being abused , or they were from small or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , their sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way of helping other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> lives only in silence .
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need to need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
It <unk> their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people who have a full future .
You know , the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis should be .
Thank you .
Hello . So , I call Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for about 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's an uncomfortable tension in the room , because I should n't have any dress like this , luckily , I 've brought her clothes to change .
This is the first set of clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky to celebrate it , I think .
If some of the women are being passed away when I come up , they do n't have to tell me now , but I find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heel are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them anymore .
The worst part is going to go through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while you cover me .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also superficial .
I 've changed totally what they thought about six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
It was totally uncomfortable and the photographer would tell me that I would take my back and get my kid 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one I did two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we could do to transform our appearance , which , although <unk> and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people have always done me , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this inheritance is .
Well , over the last few centuries , we 've not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with <unk> and <unk> , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've been able to take out to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now skeptical , and maybe there are some lovers lovers who say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , I 'm going to argue so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I 've got to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York told every one of the models on the runway , and of <unk> models hired , only 27 , which is , less than four percent , they were n't white .
The next question that people are always doing me is : Can I be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't care about that .
But then , what really would tell you every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> : ninja , a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I 'll say , `` Yes my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing of the American journal & M director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a work you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've got your studies , and you have a resume and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you say , if you said , you know , if you said , you want to be president of the United States , but your resume would say : Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people are always doing me is if all the photos are going on .
And yeah , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a little girl .
So he looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a slumber party a few days before the photos for the French Army .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not myself in those photos .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of the <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do you do free stuff ?
I have too many heel heel and I never use , except for the previous couple , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up at Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver -- she jumped on a red light , and , of course , they stood up , and it took a little sorry , an agent of being able to keep driving .
And I 'm going to get out of these privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for how they look no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of <unk> teenagers who were left and signed , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino men in New York City , so for them , is n't a question of <unk> ?
But how many times do I get to me ? And when ?
By researching this talk , I found out that when 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States do n't like your body , and that figure rises to 78 percent to the 17 .
So , the last question that people do is : How is life in a model ?
And I think the answer they 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you feel so happy and beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to work with creative people , clever and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we 're never saying in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm unsafe .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask , `` With some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ? ''
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the <unk> clothes , but they 're probably the most <unk> women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender , when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something that retain the talk , I hope that they 're all more comfortable when we recognize the power of the image in the perception we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since I was most enough to stick a camera , but I want to share today with you my 15 pictures , and I was n't just me who got them .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even very careful in the lighting .
In fact , most of them took them random tourists .
My story begins when , meeting me in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture , holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to pull the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes next .
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take me to New York City on a <unk> ride and stick the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists that were happening to us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever got to have a camera on the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day , so a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop time on a October week and then reflect on our time and our evolution over the years , not just a physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective gets to new milestones , and I can see the life through his eyes and how to perceive and interacts with everything .
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly , it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dollhouse shop I loved small in the previous visits .
And he described to me what felt about five years of foot in that same place .
It reminded me of his heart of <unk> that I can see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York is universities , because he 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 photos , I 'm not going out many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the ones that take the picture .
Now , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you wo n't try to get closer to somebody and ask , and do you take a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Religions are in the most threatened group group .
First of all , why do you have such bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughter as <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know , laughter , applause , and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't have clean the environment , the environment does n't help prevent the disease disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the rabbits have better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There 's the rabbits out of the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the Old World rabbits , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 are facing a high risk of extinction .
So why vultures are important ? First of all , provide vital ecological services .
It 's our demise of natural trash .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria . They help to absorb anthrax that of not being spread and causing large losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no vultures , the bodies take three to four times a time in break , and this has huge branches on the spread of diseases .
The foragers also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the motherhood , and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the <unk> god and risked his life to save the Tasmanian goddess of the <unk> devil heads .
In <unk> culture , they 're going to be very important burials , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead in the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these nudges provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at extreme endangered ones .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , the rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of vultures are on the critical risk of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason is because they fall prey for livestock consumption that has been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned to use veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no outwards , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb for anger , and the number of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be at the top of Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds , they cut them up by half .
It 's <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrific trade of rabbits that will serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 're going to spend their time to spread the word .
When we go out of this room , they would inform them about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed his opinion , because he saw her flying without effort , without energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do , and everything that I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during Africa .
Since 1971 , until 1977 -- <unk> young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation in African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was puzzled .
I thought , at the age of 21 , we were Italians , and we were doing good work in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing with .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we came up with <unk> from Zambia into this absolutely magnificent valley to this valley , absolutely magnificent valley , and we teach the local river to cultivate Italian tomatoes and 19th .
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they 'd come to work , and sometimes they did n't come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were amazed that the locals , in so fertile , had not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that I was n't going to do that , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just to save the people of Zambia . ''
And of course , everything in Africa grew beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were cute , mature and red , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything . And we said , `` Oh my God , <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they tell ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only that we would make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans do , what they were doing the French , what they did , and then to see what they were doing , I was quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
You can see the waste -- we can see the waste that we 're going to give them to the <unk> people of Africa .
She wants to read a book , read it , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
Do n't tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
You just read your book .
It 's a part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're changing them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from Latin , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if they were , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face : `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for <unk> , who said about economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you ... Can you imagine a city that 's not going to be ? ''
I decided for 27 years only to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never starts anything , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
It has never come to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not we , once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never over , and they never will tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't hold their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new career .
The career is the family 's family 's family , the business physician of the business of business , who sits with you in your house , on your kitchen table , in the coffee table , and that helps to find the resources to transform its passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this condescending garbage that we 've got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to see me to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I shut down and listened to them . '' So the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away from 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> said , `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of death of the corporate spirit .
So now we were going to be rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most prestigious people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you .
You have to give them a lot of fun , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help them , and then <unk> , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's a presentation of you ?
Local local people . That 's what you 've got to do .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial <unk> , no renewables , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we do that , we find ourselves , heal , educating , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who will invent technology for the green revolution ? Universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic magazine made many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year pizza .
And in the year 's year , this group of people gathered together , and we got to talk about what happened to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would not exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and <unk> , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move to the population of New York around the surroundings , six million horses , and the manure produced for six million horses that would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that 's going to make life in New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , the United States came up with <unk> manufacturers , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> , factories in places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them a lot .
Otherwise , they would n't come to talk with you .
Then you have to offer them an absolute , dedicated , enthusiastic service .
And then later , you will have to tell you about the truth with that .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a wonderful financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that I can do , sell and find the money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , ordinary world , Edison , Ford , Ford , all new , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of them started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' but the word `` we '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee bars , along with their devoted comrades who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this guy who speaks to this <unk> , someone who 's asking you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
OK , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't swap a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> and templates and chalk .
These projects emerged from questions like , how much are my neighbors in their apartments ?
How can we afford to borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that give shadow to lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade of music , there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most abandoned part of America .
I live close to this house and I thought how could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was suddenly sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me a deep gratitude for the living time .
It became clarity to the meaningful things of my life today .
But let 's try to keep this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to catch up on the day and forget how important it is for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house left on a giant board , and I painted on her phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So investors could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect about this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with it , and kept on <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before we die , `` Before we die , '' `` Before we die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
Before we die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before we die , I want to plant a tree . ''
Before we die , I want to live outside the network . ''
He said , `` Before we die , I want to get it again . ''
Before we die , I want to go to somebody else 's rescue .
Before we die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams of the people made me laugh at laughter , and I was laughing , and they gave me comfort in hard moments .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's trying to understand our neighbors in new ways , and it 's trying to accommodate it . It 's about encouraging reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
That 's why with my colleagues in the center of civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together we proved the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express each other and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of distractions , it 's more important than ever , finding ways of conserving perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that we 're going to get more power .
If you think about death , you 're going to think about death .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people around us not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a only request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
He 's 22 years old , he 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it takes joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
Everything unconditionally happens what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When singing songs from our childhood , trying to call words that I could n't even remember myself , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very hot .
It has the most pristine memory .
Yet , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year that every one of my iPod 's songs came out , I 'd remember the year each of my iPod 's songs , I 'd be able to pee on my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and February Gaga Gaga .
Does n't it look like it ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although you would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those of the less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes to physical skills .
In each individual , it looked like a different way , which is that it 's so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , you 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the development disorders that the faster increases in the world , there 's no cause or cure .
I do n't remember my first meeting with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new way in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
<unk> alive and put it in their own world , with their own rules , with their own rules , and I found pleasure on the smallest things , like putting cars around the room around the room , looking at the machine and eating anything that would have between .
As I was growing up , it became more different , and the differences were most apparent .
But beyond the GMT , frustration and hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there 's been a few times in my family , moments where I would wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that I 've taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that I would n't want to change for normal .
The normal happens for high the beauty that give us the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that anyone is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different vision of what is right .
If I could put one thing out to <unk> and Sam , you would have to be normal .
They can be remarkable .
Because <unk> or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift , each one of us has a gift inside and honestly , search for normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change die at the time when we try to be like others .
Please -- you do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what must have been Alice in the Country of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a communication class to engineering students .
I was scared . It was true of these students with his great minds , their big books and their big , unknown words .
But as those conversations were developed , I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just as I felt when I had those conversations with the students , I really surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key thing to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to health care , among others , and if we do n't know what we do n't understand about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care with jargon .
The jargon is a hurdle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` Space and temporary , '' but why do n't we say , `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can actually communicate their science without engaging ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies , and they are ways of wrapping it up and <unk> with their content .
And when I introduce your job , forget about the signs of the bullet .
You 've asked me why they 're called `` bullets ? '' What do bullets kill , and they kill their presentation .
An <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's also supported by the language of our brain and paralyzes us .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , legible , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then , then it will provide graphs that we 're going to apply to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help we open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when they solved this equation , by all media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds pretty good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political dishonest . ''
Although there was a journalism editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that she 's looking for a public charge no matter , platform or principle , and that , when wins , I 'll get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what <unk> means .
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know you have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He put her in the Tower of London and incarcerated them , but he had the courage to face them , and in the end he had such a popular support in London that he won .
And just a few years later , we had the first wear record of the phrase , `` That 's how it <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of the freedom of speech .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were presented with all sorts of suggestions that might have <unk> .
Some wanted to call him `` State of State Washington , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the <unk> of the U.S. People .
Not very appealing .
Some of them simply wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was tested .
And they did n't even know that they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a given deadline .
And it could have served .
Everybody 's got immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator , and I always wrote , `` Still with this . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the Representatives House was against the Senate .
The Representatives of Representatives wanted to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King , if he did it or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest title , more insignificant and more unfortunate than it came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only one before , but it only meant `` somebody who would give you a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of little colonial <unk> and fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is encouraged .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of arguing , the Senate was not made .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite up to where I 've been able to find out , the Senate has never been taught by the President 's degree .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible that we 're going to continue to wait for years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is the most important thing , and that 's what I want to leave you , is that the President 's title does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of <unk> air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story have increased the title of <unk> .
So eventually he won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of the uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But , you know how many nations have the president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the five nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them they 're now the President of the U.S .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , reality change much more the words than these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine from Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones games with primitive tools .
Like each other , I carry a cheap light lamp attached to the head with this rubber elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
It was <unk> my hand , and suddenly I remember a miner that I met before , who lost control and dropped countless feet in that pit .
As I talk to you today , these men are in the depths of that hole , risking their lives without paying no reward , and often they die .
I went home from that hole and I went home , but they probably never will , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I had been documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all of the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who is engaged to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was the world , but not such a degree .
When we end up speaking , I was really bad , honestly , I was embarrassed to ignore this <unk> of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He was made a knot , and then weeks later , he flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So my journey began to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even I considered my second home .
But this time , let 's make the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much of the amount of West displaced all about slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
Yet today , it can be true to entire families for generations of $ 18 .
Amazingly , slavery generates profit from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many of them have been fooled by false education and better work to then find out that they are forced to work without pays , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those are producing them are disposable .
Humanity exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This strange show was like entering the old Egypt or hell 's hell .
He <unk> in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , entire families in a heavy cloak of <unk> prints into their heads , to 18 to 18 to the <unk> furnaces that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness , they work quietly , doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day .
There were no breaks , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made that pee was quite inconsequential .
As <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera turned too hot to touch , and it stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the equipment and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people .
Back in furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was next to me quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a situation worse than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for his release and he trusted that he was going .
As soon as I , I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks for miles away from roads to trucks that were waiting down .
And those great Greeks were heavier than the kids who were wearing , and the kids hold them to their heads with home straps , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been all his life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When we hear the word slavery often we think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , women were killed who had been previously sexual sex .
It took me for a <unk> stairs that gave this dirty basement , which was faint light bulbs .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and they will buy more food and alcohol .
Each one is dark and dirty , identified by a painted and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse in their hands .
standing in the zone , and I remember making sense a hot fear , and at that point , I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
I just had one way : the stairs where I walked in .
There were no hind doors .
There were no windows up to climb up .
These people do n't have <unk> and , because we 're playing a topic so hard , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there was whole families in which there was whole families in the trade trade .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the blue ones and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these large barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbows , but the stain is toxic .
My performer told me .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still expect , however , can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It 's been estimated that there are over 4,000 children involved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to have a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family on a ship , two older brothers , some young kids , some younger kids , makes sense ?
Wrong . It was all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked families , they were missing and forced to work <unk> on these boats into the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up , he was shivering ; he thought his little canoe were <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees from the trees plunged into Lake Volta often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
In fear of his love , he 's not going to flee and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> the slaves younger under his command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they had been working from one .
It 's on the cold night and <unk> .
And you can point out that these nets weigh over 400 kilos when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village .
I met him in a refuge in which the <unk> is <unk> to victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will be because of someone decided to make a difference in your life ?
He went through a road in Ghana in Ghana who were <unk> the <unk> , a partner <unk> with his motorbike suddenly sped up and <unk> our car .
They asked us to put it on a road path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we were going to get out of the car , and asked the driver to come out very quickly .
Then he pointed out the path barely visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that <unk> the road and after walking close to an hour , and we found out that the road was going up by the recent rains , so I put the photographs of pictures on my head as it <unk> in these waters to the chest .
After two hours on the walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers .
Many women had kids tied up to their back , and while they were looking for gold , they walked in the wastewater poison with mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were in their own sweat .
I remember looking at her eyes , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells are up to 90 meters , and these people do carry heavy stone bags and then they will be transported to another area where they were able to extract the stone .
At first sight , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but if we look closer closely , we see we see other less lucky and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this <unk> will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and how we drift over a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle he took him to work with him in mines .
When your uncle died , they would be able to inherit the debt of the uncle what force to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I 'd worked in the 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that doctors say that it should be deleted .
In addition to that , it 's got tuberculosis , and nevertheless , it 's forced to work on night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams with being liberated and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to shine light on slavery .
Did you know that your images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we would be testimony about them and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They are people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , she 's abused , that I 've had the great honor of knowing .
I hope that these images wake up a force in those who see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns on a fire , and that fire will light up light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I 'm doing it applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management management .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and show you what I do .
dance is one of the most human activities .
We would give us the <unk> of the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet is extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurologic disorders like Parkinson 's disease , this extraordinary ability , as he does with my friend Jan <unk> who , at his time , was a ballet dancer <unk> .
In the last few years , a lot has made a lot of progress .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable condition , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective , and ultimately , the only way we know if there is actually a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> metric .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological marker ; so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very costly , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves ?
It would n't be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in a neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as a kind of conventional form , you know , you see , in a certain sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits the sounds , we can imagine as the dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And , like the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal strings as they vibrate , and as they are affecting the limbs , they also affect the vocal organs .
On the bottom pole , you can see a irregular <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
And vocal shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of these are <unk> .
Now , the neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are skillful . Okay , but also test tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
It 's minimal , and we all know what happens .
When something takes so low , it looks like mass scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the <unk> of patients .
I would n't have to go to the clinic for the routine <unk> .
<unk> monitoring , we could get goals of data .
We could make recruiting mass for clinical trials for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> scaling up .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , or without Parkinson 's , he can call low-cost and leaving recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we already have reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all of these samples from , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What will you get from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not spend it . They may not finish it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data to do it in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> factors for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also , what we 're going to do is we 've got a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max initially , public .
<unk> : Thank you . Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We hide in the dark , in no window without windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We 're doing the lean models still thinner , the perfect skin even more perfect , possible , as possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , there <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen village in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected the wave .
The jet level of water peaked and over three miles tall and more than three kilometers inside .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We got the rubble out of the waterways and the <unk> .
<unk> schools . We took the mud off , and we left the lists to be renovated and <unk> .
We took tons of dead fish and tons of dead fish , smelly , hot in the local factory .
We were shocked and loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and albums of photos and cameras and cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of the villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a rescue center of the village .
It helped clean the erotic bathrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rescue center to pick up the photos .
And there were the honor , and I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor of that day to clean up my hands .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went through my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked on Facebook came with some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started testing the photos .
This was the first one .
It was n't too much <unk> , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to get rid of a lot of precision and affordable .
Otherwise , that little girl , that little girl would n't look like her , and that would be so tragic as having the <unk> photo .
With the step of time , they arrived for luck , and they needed more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who were <unk> .
In Japan , in July , we moved to <unk> , a neighbor town north of <unk> .
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could take weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures weighed in saltwater , covered in bacteria , covered with algae , with algae , even oil , all of that , with the time I spend the time <unk> , so <unk> in hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't tinker with the photo unless it was clean , dry , and he would have been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky with my hand .
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to damage the pictures even more .
As a <unk> once said , the leader of my group is like making tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought these pictures were lucky in relation to the photos .
He had begun <unk> herself , but he stopped realizing that he would even hurt it .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single picture and tinker with the whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures , something of his story shared .
A few colleagues from her husband found the photos in a fire station in the rubble far away from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The tsunami of the tsunami , his husband was the superintendent of shutting down the wave .
He had to go inside the water as <unk> .
Their small kids , not so small now , but their two kids were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her her pictures his younger son .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to looking at , something that he could remember from the past that he would n't have been beaten by that March day , when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined up to there -- hundreds of them were helped to clean up over 135,000 pictures , the vast majority of 135,000 photographs , the vast majority of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us back to 90 families , hundreds of totally <unk> and <unk> photos .
Over this time , we actually do n't spend over 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of the things in ink for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A photo is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , someone dear .
These are <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we 'd get to search for .
This was about the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring somebody back to someone with the past .
When a picture like this , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something larger , to give back something , using their talent to something that would not be mild skin models .
So I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy the day I went back from Japan after six months .
As a <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people , and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women from various ages from the grandmother to the small child , gathered around a baby , was moved , because a similar picture of my family , my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new type of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion in motion .
And so we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without using X-rays , and they challenge the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it up and I turn it back into a second or a second or a second , to create a <unk> package of just one millimeter wide width .
And that pile of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this pack of photons photons and shoot it in this bottle , how are those photons photons inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember , that all of this happens actually in less than a <unk> is what takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion .
Now , Coca-Cola does n't do this research . They are a lot of things in this movie ; we 're going to show this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a pack of photons photons , and that , in , it starts to <unk> .
Some of the light goes , goes to the table , and we start seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table and because of the insights at the top of the bottle , after several frames , that reflections are concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we make it run the same distance and we see it in motion slow down to about 10 billion times , how much do you think that would lead us to see that movie ?
One day ? One week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about <unk> with dead nature ?
You can see the waves from the table , the tomato and the wall wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , from one <unk> at a time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at again this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light is over the tomato , it 's still brilliant . It does n't look <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside and goes back after various <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phones , you 'll be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a low exhibition , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I just get into something of light .
We sent that bullet , that pack of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very meritocratic synchronization , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data and <unk> in a very interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would let him look after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw something out of the door on the door , and it 's going to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
That 's where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there is a dummy , and it <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons would go back to the camera , but interestingly , slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works so quickly , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It 's got very good resolution , and you can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door , and also even the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to the distance .
When you project a laser , you can record a blank photo , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 're going to take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , we will get them and we will try and analyze the multiple light bounces , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We 've got things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions of what 's at the turn of the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the open light by open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so actually this is a request to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new modality of visualization to solve the problems of screening imaging in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , he became art science , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time is not just for scientific visualizations , but we can .
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and colors .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves , it 's just about <unk> .
But here 's something fun here .
If we look at the waves below the cap , these are going away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost the speed of light , we have strange effects , Einstein would have liked to see this image .
The order in which events happen in the world sometimes shows up before the camera .
We would make a corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , it can prescribe a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , and move it into <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> <unk> in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is fall in 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered together that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in our pocket .
Who 's got a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones .
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , from my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information lines .
raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . Commission .
The <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European phone company , every single consumer provider , has to store a wide range of information 's information .
Who calls who . Who sent an email to whom .
Who sends him a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored by at least six months , and even two years on your phone company or your website provider .
And in all Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone providers , and the suppliers and stored all this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any use of the mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please give me all the information they had about me .
And then I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life . ''
So I decided to give a court lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not giving this information .
At the end , they signed a agreement .
They were sent to demand and they send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> are <unk> 30 lines of information .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge file . OK .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
I was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I spend the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a six months of my life .
You can zoom in and get away , go back and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> on the train to Cologne , and how often I call it on the path .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we end up with this big network of communications .
You can see how people communicate to each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who gives you an email to whom , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this data is stored at least six months in Europe , and even two years .
As I said in the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall in 1989 , they had a mobile phone in my pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who participated in this protest , and if the <unk> had known , who was the leaders , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , it 's not the fall of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to store them .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what data store you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones that help you remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to hold it all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad in .
P. C. C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> and it can not contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration .
You feel bad for me , because at some point in life , they have chosen to be disabled .
Go on .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , they 're driving in search for parking , and what do you see ?
16 <unk> empty places .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little impaired ? ''
Also , I tell you , I 've got 99 problems , and P. C. C is just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same first .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy ca n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can , `` You can . ''
If my three older sisters , I <unk> .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents <unk> into the school system , and they would be surprised that I was also , and if we do n't take all the ultimate grade note , we all took the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk five to my toes on his feet and just walking around .
The other tactic that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that we would get it .
The <unk> I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received a lot of strokes .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 , and they still be all of the family . I think nobody realized we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use , I hate Muslims as a campaign slogan .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed to be a lot of fun to die of hunger during the <unk> .
I would tell you that I had enough fat fat to live three months without eating , so starving sunrise at sunset is very easy .
<unk> covered on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels with heels , or I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to pass the summer summer on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we did n't go back to Palestine , every summer , we were hitting .
On summer vacation often my father was about <unk> , so I was drinking milk ' milk on the back , and I was going to get warm cups on the back , and I was going to go back in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burned the eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I have to say it 's very boring , but before I do yoga it was a stand-up comedian that I could n't stand up on a foot .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no sleep was impossible , and my dream was to be at General General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for <unk> , University of the Arizona state , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the least smart tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo my wept teachers .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called dance very slow in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at four winds : `` Well , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Finally , free , finally !
Thank God mighty , I 'm just free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> at the head of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me why they thought it could n't make the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , I can not do the character . ''
It was a paper that I was literally born and gave it to an actor without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> <unk> actors .
When I graduated from , I went back home , and my first tour <unk> was like extra on a sitcom .
My dream was true .
And I knew that it would be <unk> , `` Well , I 'd better friend <unk> . ''
Instead , he stayed there as a vase , and he did n't look at me than the back of the head , and it was obvious to me that <unk> , no matter , no white , disabled .
Just let the perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour , he took famous paintings from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comical thing that he took when he fell to the realization that he went high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , no censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know I know that you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are n't fun , and they find very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in the media and to remind you to remind the <unk> of <unk> and Arabic , <unk> .
It was much easier for Arabs to fight against the challenge of the stigma of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to the news news program that has been invited with Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live !
So , I hold on to the speaker desk so I could n't get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
I had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew I would n't get me back .
But not just Mr. <unk> went back to inviting me , but I stayed as a full-time participant and taped my chair .
Something kind of fun that I learned directly with Keith <unk> was that the people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a little girl and older .
All of a sudden , my online disability became a funny object .
I would see clips online , like , `` Why do you <unk> ? ''
Is it <unk> ?
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
One reviewer suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If you 're in a wheelchair , you ca n't make <unk> , you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , we have grown up with media , I do n't think I was .
I hope that together we can create the most positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all society to teach our kids .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great New Jersey state in the 2008 <unk> .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give kids a Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live alive , and I do this talk to his memory .
It 's on peace , dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know your story .
It lives in a small village to <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without nothing for him there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no future perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , <unk> , nothing .
One day he was approaching a guy who offers him take him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , to her family .
I read to a young man .
They finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It 's got a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , it bursts a car bomb .
That little village in that little village with the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a connected terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him ?
He was waiting .
He was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that brought it out of what we call `` waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban urban young people who are <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots , who are looking at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people living in cities are under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the wait period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my birth city , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do absolutely nothing .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being at that hospital <unk> thinking , and if I 'd never gone ?
And if I had been forced to be in that same `` waiting period time ? ''
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to get the juveniles young leaders in a corporate height .
They 're going to take a few early juveniles leaders .
We sat down , and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate graduate , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white thing for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get the point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycle company .
It began to <unk> myself into the local residents who normally could n't afford it .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think his ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the corporate spirit , and I think the entrepreneurship spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
It 's <unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the height of the corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were going to save ourselves of plastic from abroad .
If you give them to somebody , `` When was the last time you saw flowers cool ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It began a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he began to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the <unk> climate .
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park for 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the roses <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They 'd never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , to work for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , that might be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They 've got business solutions to local problems .
So , let 's inspire young people and create a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas reality .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and set them out of their business .
We 're going to give the young people with the resources that they need , <unk> the support they need to move from conception to creation , and will create our own <unk> for urban growth .
For me , corporate spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating social impact .
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park is how it 's called , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motorcycles for him .
They gave them the opportunity to escape the `` waiting period '' paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : becoming young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks Parks that <unk> and `` periods of waiting . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest remains .
The sun was making the leaves as a <unk> , and not to be the way that we were still , almost to pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> of a beautiful lake , when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a <unk> , from about four square feet with an apple hearts , white paper balls , and old footwear .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to get what they were brought , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it was a little bit simplified .
Who clean our garbage ?
No matter how to organize it or where put our `` ours '' put our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or in London ?
Here in New York City , the Department of <unk> our garbage , to over 11,000 tons of waste , and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know the individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and bring that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and walked through the road , and interviewed people in office and interviewed people in offices , and I learned a lot , but I was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started working as <unk> .
Now I did n't just travel on the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days it 's very hard , you 've been used very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies are kept on <unk> the weight of getting over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Statistics <unk> , the collection of waste is one of the 10 most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out , and in traffic all day , and wrap it around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And the crap itself is full of dangers that they often fall off and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless <unk> .
When you get out of <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It 's never stopped coming .
It 's also like a way of breathing or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
And it seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that waste rates are the most important workforce in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first nerd of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste of food efficiently and effectively each day , this starts to <unk> your containers and your dangers inherent , you 're in very real ways .
So we 'd be controlled for decades and centuries will come back and come up with <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we have no space for what the motors of the economy begin to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing their relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average average speed necessary .
I mean , I mean , just at the speed of which we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , and we do n't care , or we take our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them out , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will take away from it .
So I want to suggest to you today a couple of ways to think about the waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Their work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when to go out .
And their work allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a form of relief .
The flow that they maintain us except for ourselves , from our own waste of our own waste , our junk , and that flow must always stay in one way or another .
And one day after 9/11 , 2001 , I heard a tour of a garbage collection on the street , I grabbed my little son , and I went running the stairs running , and there was a man doing her journey of paper recycled and did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's be okay .
Let 's be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I started researching the waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts around our efforts , the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of the labor .
The municipal waste , what we think about when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's amount of waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So on the flow of your day and your lives , the next one who sees somebody whose work is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life to become part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and traditions .
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analyses of different perspectives become an essential part of the ultimate labor of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a mall of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty , because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because the <unk> <unk> generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that 's going from 20 to 25 degrees to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , its appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a rich place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , he was really hooked with the old marketplace that is this <unk> structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to young marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the site , which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , there was no .
And it 's also between two parallel streets who do n't communicate in a <unk> range .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , putting all the inputs in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates an outdoor space in the building that <unk> , by its own shape , from the sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses that changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought about how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local weather conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete shell of concrete and allowing the air input , and also the light entry , but in a filtered way .
Then we become inspired by these beautiful buttons of dresses in Ethiopians .
They have a kind of properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me shape the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces of wood pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a <unk> way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use light inside of the building to light the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because ultimately , there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't needed to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy power for the building in a city where electricity is cut out almost every day .
So we got a great advantage to putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which collected water for the inner health .
It 's waiting for the next year 's next year , because we go through the fifth floor of the construction .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that is so big , the biggest that I designed , is not just understanding the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , his tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve gates gates with almost straight lines .
When I went to place , the first design operation we did was we expand the streets of existing , creating 12 initial blocks similar to size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines , and that changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the small cell in the project , like an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's <unk> , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
So let 's put a framework that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks in playgrounds , and then in the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a higher density at higher levels and lower density in the plant .
And it reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving the community back in the construction space .
It 's where everybody 's neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and making activities such as running a <unk> race , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples have a common approach to design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies to the same pace as the buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature to people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had huge amounts of hair and a little <unk> of pencils , and a little bit of pencils , it was super strong for capital capitals , very good at <unk> .
And I ended up that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister plan .
One day , I stayed for a time after the school exit I was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took off the table of my master 's book .
And then , I did .
<unk> my rival grades , just a bit , just a few .
All right . And I set back the book to the drawer , but , to see , some of my colleagues had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put all of the rows out of <unk> and myself a line of how to be there , I could ...
I 'm still surprised by what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came out .
I do n't understand why I felt good doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all <unk> <unk> .
They never found me .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell myself the reason that this little girl , so small , were so good at <unk> .
I think of jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies are suffering from jealousy .
Also primates , birds are very prone .
We know that jealousy is the cause number one of the spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will observe loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab in which people are study jealousy in all of their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would be no Helen <unk> , there would be no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , and it 's not `` <unk> . ''
I would n't have Shakespeare .
He 's going to run the reading lists of high school , because we would be losing `` The <unk> and <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' and `` Party , '' we 'll lose us from `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and , in terms of jealousy , almost that they have all of them .
This year , it 's 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also from the ordinary competitiveness of the ordinary competitiveness , mine , everything that we might have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We thought in a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forgot how hard that picture is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said was as hard as cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
So let 's see why they 're doing so well , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious , like jealousy , who reduce the person , your wish , your liabilities , are a solid narrative base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being at the storytellers and audience , we know exactly what 's going to include , to put the knife , right ?
Human jealousy makes us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
All she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds it to his collection of <unk> instruments on his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the birthplace of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
jealousy is <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
jealousy would be influenced by the information .
jealousy uses the details .
jealousy , you like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute little <unk> <unk> .
jealousy would take out of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links well with the language of jealousy .
When it is in its agony of jealousy , you suddenly hear behind the gates and beat the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is disgusting , but it 's not different than an old textbook or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy looks <unk> and make us seem <unk> , but at their core , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a really painful truth . In fact , what meant the more painful the truth , the better .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways of Proust 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , who makes us suffer , causes us to make a range of feelings that are much more profound and vital than a wise man who can interest us . ''
Are we saying we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy revealed to us .
And there 's some other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us looking at this peculiar light ?
Freud would write about it later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young woman who was being used to the idea that his wife would destroy him .
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get stuck in what his wife did .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Would you get too much ? Or do you get a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the unconscious of their wife 's unconscious .
novels are really good at this .
The novels described very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity but accurately .
In fact , the more intensely I are , the more we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy lead us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
jealousy drives us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I heard on the news .
A woman from Michigan , a woman of <unk> was captured by having created a false Facebook account , from which you were sent to <unk> , horrible to himself , for a year .
For one year , every year .
She was trying to kick her back to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because let 's be realistic .
What huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange , brilliant character of the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in <unk> '' and `` <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to think about how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be seen in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or wanting what you have to take out of your self and get it from what you ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your rings , you take your rings , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> everybody , as much as I would like .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where does the currency are envy ? Right ?
Things show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the board of Baker Street and ask for <unk> <unk> .
When people think about <unk> , they think about the <unk> in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always got sure [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of rat <unk> rat who needs desperately desperately , it needs <unk> genius , but he bothers him .
Oh , I 'm so familiar with it .
<unk> needs his help , but he <unk> it , and they <unk> with bitterness in the fall of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> '' -- once you walk into it , I 'm going to tell you all with your solution , <unk> back and says , `` We 're not jealous , mister <unk> .
We 're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> who would n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see <unk> transferred in the story . It seems to me very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute <unk> is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> will admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get it from the greatness of the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the fiction <unk> jealousy .
fiction used to , fiction used to the table .
And look what makes it : sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the seemingly Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in American history .
So to get to the Moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
And he walked on his surface , which was that he stood on the surface of Armstrong 's death , he 's now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They were n't brought in much back : <unk> kilograms of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of meaning and fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the Kennedy words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy said , `` Well , why the moon ? ''
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why do you scale the top mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why would we fly over the Atlantic ?
Why should Rice play against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , Apollo was n't just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was of wonder to the transcendence of the technology of technology .
They were because it was great to do it .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was eradicated by polio and eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 , 10 mile flew within 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the Moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism happy about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the problems that we imagine technology would solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 takeoff .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that he would n't look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn V rocket .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last door , but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars .
So that of `` something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like the technologists would be <unk> , and they were enriched us with trivial toys , things like iPhones and apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they have created companies less ambitious than those of the years that Intel would be at , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty , concrete , the incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment triggered the creation of <unk> ideas for technical problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when venture capitalists were at their high point without worrying about risk , small investment , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing in technologies , such as energy , which need a huge amount of capital and development that is long-term capital , and it 's also not invested in the development of technologies to be able to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we would .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we can not solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete at the price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on which policy and international treaties <unk> development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the price of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seem to be technological , are not going to be .
We know from the time that famines are the result of failure on the food route .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis affecting the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food business , but there will be hunger as bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes we have a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared war on the cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some <unk> <unk> to treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have effective and viable treatments .
<unk> problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we should , but these four elements have been present : political leaders and population must want to solve the problem , the institutions must support the solution ; it must be really about a technological problem , and we must understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition in the Cold War , like the Cold War , there 's not a politician , like John Kennedy , that we were doing hard and dangerous , and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And I really did n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get .
God knows we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> ideas that are about trust .
They are so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease of trust , it 's a very pervasive belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should be able to recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about it .
First of all , the claim : why do people think trust has come down ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
It makes me bow to think that may have been decreased in some activities or institutions , and that might have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can go to the opinion surveys , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has dropped .
When you look at the opinion polls over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were being killed 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , continue to inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the road .
But is this evidence enough ?
What the recorded opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people manifests when they ask certain questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you think about them ?
Are you <unk> in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably want to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane answer .
And you might say , when you answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust differently .
We do n't expect that the level of trust that we 're going to feel like for a certain kind of official , officer or type of person , is going to be uniform in every case .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the class of reading , but in any way to drive the school dropout .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could rely on my most <unk> friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separate , why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract form ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to make good judgment in the fact of trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's an stupid goal .
It 's not that target that I 'm going to make .
I would get more confidence in what 's about trust , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do n't trust what 's not reliable .
And I think those people who were giving out their savings with the very rightly rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
To make more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
You 're sitting around whether it 's deposited or inserts with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , yeah , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is making a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they responsible ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the commodities , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but he did n't trust them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're going to hold your own skills .
And I 'm happy to say that I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
Yes , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before .
And trust is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials , and so on , that made us easier for us to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work how they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that takes more time to do administrative paperwork that will ever come to work . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional , that the accountability accountability which is meant to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually making the opposite .
What they do is they make the work of the people that have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , how we 're going to use the boxes , as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
All of that , by the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust , and we will engage people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what they do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task of trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundations enough for you to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to be able to be able to make sure that you 're worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I bought my socks , says I can bring them back and give them explanations .
I take them and get the money back , or they change them by the color that I want .
That 's great . I 'm confident , because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you come back vulnerable to the other hand , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have trust you 're saying .
So in the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we have been working on to reduce the separation between us and digital information , separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be euthanized .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly , and more and more , to such that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a tactile screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I ask myself , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First , I created this tool that gets deeper into digital space , so when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool , they break the barriers .
But the two hands stay still outside the screen .
How can we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity dexterity ?
In the Science Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So I combined a transparent bombsight with cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can pick up the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and pick up pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is as easy as taking a shelf from a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on each floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned to things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> online .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or <unk> when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make it physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this unique physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D form in 3D in space , which means that both computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was ring gravity and control movement through a combination of levitation and MRI , mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we release it from the time and space constraints , which means that human movements can come back and go back to reproduce , and they stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality that we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show you something , but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to <unk> our world .
So we started today 's talk today talking about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was going to be a filmmaker for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to take a school for athletes with all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed that there was just an effective path towards happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter whether work would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the speaker of a radio show .
But no adult would give you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So the age of 15 , I knew it was too much greater to train .
My dream would never happen .
I was afraid that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another vocation .
No one I wanted to teach me ? OK .
<unk> the books .
[ `` Works <unk> . ''
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about the Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture as well as a comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
<unk> reading is not new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There are to research fields like comparative comparative religion and literature .
Compare and contrast , you give academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research , why do n't we do it in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They may be about people , `` Benjamn Franklin . '' [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] who were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , the temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The path of <unk> Tzu . '' Thomas <unk> : [ `` The Save the Tao '' Alan <unk> , instead of losing in translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy .
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from past and present .
I know I 'm not going to feel lonely or powerless .
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where the passion comes from .
Even a dream dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , that I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 12-year-old woman named Alex .
So Alex walked in the first session , using jeans and a <unk> , threw on my desk in my office and took my shoes off and told me that he wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My roommate had a <unk> as a first client .
And I was a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to sessions , it made me easy just to move my head while I 'd run the solution .
`` <unk> are the new 20 , '' saying Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start working later , you 're home after , you have kids later , even death happens .
By <unk> , it was like Alex and I had plenty of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor beat me to push Alex I would talk about his loving life .
I was resistant to me .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under your category , and you 're lying with a <unk> <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still no , but maybe you get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before you marry . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yeah , people sit head after what they used to , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a break .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , families and the future <unk> of all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without going through the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a <unk> , you take your sleep off , you remove a <unk> , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , really really matter .
This is not just my view . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 years old .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' which shape his life will have gone to when they get 30 and so many .
People in 40 than 40 , not panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money that they gain .
We know that more than half the Americans are married , they live or come out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there is something they want to change themselves , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than in any other time in life , and we know that the female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment to educate over their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which its daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call <unk> an extended adolescence .
journalists would give them ridiculous names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we have considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard <unk> said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you get a <unk> in your head and you say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life . ''
Nothing happens .
He stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting , interesting people like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't realize . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be OK . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dates during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
Everybody ran and <unk> , but then at some point around 30 , the music went off and all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so I sometimes think I got married my husband , because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a bit extreme , but do n't be wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's an enormous amount of pressure at 30 and so many of you start a career , to choose a city , to choose a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing everything from once to the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career that you want now .
<unk> that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but they still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend who showed more walkable than ambition .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , their previous life had been even harder .
<unk> often in our sessions , but then they were getting up by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head over his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book for phone , and I 'd spent the entire morning I 'd come up with her many contacts , but then he was seeing the empty space that follows after the words `` In case for emergency words , please call ... ''
And I was just at the point of hysteria , when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of if I give cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that I really would be worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as I worked for just sitting while the decisive decade of Emma was in front of Emma .
So over the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all <unk> , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma who would forget about that identity crisis and the identity of identity .
For identity capital , I 'm talking about doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : capital of identity generates identity of identity .
So now is the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school that they want to test .
I 'm not crossing <unk> exploration , I 'm crossing the exploration that I should n't tell , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them tell .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to get you to the airport , but the <unk> <unk> together with a similar minds that are limited to who you know , what you know , how you think about them , how you 're talking , and where they 're talking .
That new piece of capital , that new person who will come out almost always comes from outside their closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called <unk> friends from their friends ' friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or do n't have work .
But the other half not , and the weak ties are the way we get to this group .
Half of the jobs was never published , then , knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma will soon join her family when I have a couple and form his own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose her family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better enough to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live in now or now , you know , when you 're all living on Facebook , you start walking towards an altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you are in work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it , or killing time with whoever chooses to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that phone phone , and she found the roommate of a prime who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That supply of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend who lived .
Now , five years later , it 's special public events in museums .
This married one man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , loves her new family , and I send up a letter that said , `` Now the emergency room spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport , coming out somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a light adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , even at the age of 29 , a good conversation , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling her <unk> , like Emma every day : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't let yourself define why they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very picky job in management consultant for a job that was even more picky : I 'm all more picky .
I was to teach them mathematics to seventh students in public schools in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When I come back , I 'll get grades .
What struck me the attention was that I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance did n't have I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that set me to think .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh grade , insurance is difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are n't impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard , and during enough time .
After several years of mine , I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a <unk> perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure how to measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if having success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classroom and I went to university to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to <unk> West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> in military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were doing as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in really hard neighborhoods , which teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective thing to improve the results of their students ' learning ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to maintain their job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health and it was not the I.Q .
It was determination .
<unk> is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Power is to have resistance .
<unk> is embracing their future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future .
<unk> is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited about more than a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduate , even when I matched them into every single characteristic that I could measure , things like family tests , the scores of the standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point or the National <unk> of <unk> in which matters , and it 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking about determination is how little we know the science about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How can determination in kids ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give them purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do n't go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , commonly determination is not related or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it 's growing in response to challenge , they 're much more likely to confuse them when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to get wrong , to start all over again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and shape the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was fascinated by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so that whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and quickly method of learning might be useful .
Since I was five , I started to learn how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
A Chinese academic sponsored 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read enough traffic signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of the pages or the newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it 's possible to be square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it 's screaming , `` Help me , I 'm burning ! I 'm burning ! '' This one actually was originally originally originally , but I like to believe that it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of an <unk> in the old West .
It 's radical to these eight characters .
These are building blocks so that they create many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a board under the tree , we have the foundations .
You put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot , `` idiot '' -- you 'll remember , because a tree is a pretty idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the deadbolt of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
Was there a guy at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've already gone through nearly 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight eight eight will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters build another 32 .
So with each small effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing you learn from Chinese Chinese .
So after I met the characters , we started creating phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put out of origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun next to origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is one way .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my children , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a nice excuse to wear a brilliant dress and lead a magic bullet .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy shows .
Yet the magician of Oz was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , curiously , another film whose protagonists , a metal boy and <unk> guy <unk> a girl dressed as an enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz do today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz like the prophecy . ''
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies created by the computer of <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another single thing from the magician of Oz is that the characters most heroic characters , wise people , even villains are women .
I began to notice this when I made Star Wars at my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At the time , I also had a son .
Just three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small to that .
But it was the second child , and the level of supervision had gone down . So , she slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mother leg with his <unk> behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke are an army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's contrast this with the magician of 1939 .
How do Dorothy his film win ?
We 're doing good news with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow , of course , and not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force capital of an F , force in the movies for our children , and so little from the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know the experience that the Princess princess does n't give me the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who are blended , and I think at the time of the first kiss , I really hoped that the museum began to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and get your reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and defend the Disney Disney to any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their target public .
They do phenomenal work when teaching girls how to protect girls against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being film movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time still continues to come up with classical after classic , each of them about the adventure of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out again .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Do you remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films , the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not roots , and it 's spread , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that you have to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character than it has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else from the kid who liked ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet rarely I see it in the film we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar success , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood Hollywood movie is .
Pretty much , there 's not the <unk> test .
And I do n't think I should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage crisis .
We have a lot of scenes from men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , the 100 films more popular , how many of them think they have female protagonists ?
<unk> . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one out of five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think that the movies for kids have something to do with that .
Nor do I think music or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of <unk> sex .
Who are those guys ? What are these guys learning ?
What do you do not learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the role of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and he does n't talk ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this statistic very alarming and we want to <unk> it .
We have tools to our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but do I have to ask them , do n't you protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I 'm mostly talking about parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home of the home and <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character from Star Wars , you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I read to my son , and I want to go and fight only and more stories where his job is to join a team , perhaps a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked was to look at sea cookies on the coast of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give you lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered with sand , and it 's hard to see them .
Yet , over time , I got used to them .
I began to look at shapes and patterns that helped me do it .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and the archaeology .
And then finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that to see my own eyes was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of 1,300 miles away , next to the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly it looks like a bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes in the man-made landscape and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire is about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , it 's inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge distance of <unk> .
This area is enormous , it 's about <unk> per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as he changed over time , he moved to the east , and covered the city .
So how do you find a lower city in a long landscape ?
So I 'll try to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we used data from NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile is .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians with Egyptians making sampling ; you can see here .
When I say sampling , it 's like <unk> shows on ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , underneath a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of ceramics .
This means that in this possible location , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of the occupation of several hundred years to date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same time that we think is <unk> .
We also find <unk> jobs , <unk> , quartz and cat -- what it shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem not very much , but when we think about the most common rocks used in the corporate Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that comes back from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop which shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but let 's go back in the near future to localize it .
And more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the greatest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on the ground .
So according to it , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas really happen in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts the taste of marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the house of <unk> .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now we 're going to make a group of obese obese .
They 're competing at a bike set , and they 're going to address their entry door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're strong , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
They collide up against the door of their house .
There are bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , lightning rays that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the door threshold .
In the lobby , in the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light , the light is shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with his hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur pouring in your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie and you 're going to be about to get into your mouth .
<unk> on one side and enter your living room .
Already in the room , and I use maximum imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his coffee table , singing `` <unk> Baby One More Time . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a <unk> and yellow building path , and from the oven coming to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess this would be like the end of a wise speaker .
There were several men and a few different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them once .
They 're going to run the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
<unk> whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who I could memorize the order of a deck of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be the phenomena of nature .
And I began to talk to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best skilled memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition is they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented a thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that I used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics were used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have n't heard this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition , and Ed , who is wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears models how memorize the order in a deck of cards live on a live television .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start for something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to have the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
This incredibly tragic one , but it was a window that allowed to see what extent our memory makes us that we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He tapped into the role of Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went back together in the public library in the Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was harvested .
And when I came back , it 's a number of treaties on the memory of the writing , something over 2,000 years ago , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having <unk> , disciplined and cultivated memory was n't a thing as rare as it might look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
It 's culturally changed , and I would argue that they have changed cognitive as well .
As we almost no need to remember , sometimes we have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find very passionate people for this idea of a trained , disciplined and cultivated memory is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's competitions like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College was invited to a memory group of memory writers .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brains in some way , structural or different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was really a really interesting , meaningful difference between the brains of the memory of the memory and the control subjects that we compared them .
When they put them in an MRI machine , <unk> their brains as <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions , they found parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorizing is driving as an armed career where every year someone has a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize him in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he just mastered himself .
He used a similar technique to memorize the right order of random binary binary .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used in the end of the end of the end of the end of the fact that psychologists call <unk> coding .
It 's shown in a elegant paradox like the <unk> paradox .
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a while ? ''
`` You remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told that his name is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , does n't actually mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance through their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the Bible .
They wear white hats .
They have your hands on your hands .
All right , when you go home to work .
We probably know a baker .
And when we put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> <unk> at some point later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the palace of the memory .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> that I attended a potluck .
He had hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he shook his poem , and left , and as soon as he was , the room in the hospital collapsed .
They killed everybody .
But not only killed all of them , but it shattered the bodies and they unrecognizable .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
That 's how we could n't afford the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his mind of his mind , I could see where he 'd been sitting every guest .
I took family from the <unk> hand where their loved ones were on the rubble .
What I 've been talking about at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and that 's no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers , or instructions , word for word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable space .
If I 'm going to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , you 're very likely to find it very difficult to do it .
But I would bet that if you were telling you to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> <unk> in your lobby , you would be capable of <unk> .
The idea of the palace of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy , the crazy , crazy , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> image , is the most haunting .
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say that you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make memory , in the same way that he 'd done Cicero if they 'd been invited by 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely remixable .
And then you can imagine coming into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> was mounted Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then they would go in the kitchen , and the fourth theme that they would talk to be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and have some friends to help them remember it .
This is how Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse it , but typical by typical .
In fact , the typical `` typical '' comes from the Greek , which means `` place . ''
It 's a bit of the time when people thought in the speaking and rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase , `` First , '' it would be like the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got into it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing a big thing about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking exams . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets off the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in these people 's minds , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started going to 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient singing school market in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually about doing is better improving the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked quite with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> safety glasses , with tape leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could get into a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve good epilogue for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute , you can memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and it 's actually not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to put it up to build rubber from the memory or memorize <unk> of cards , and to benefit from a bit of insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , it 's not even shortcuts .
They work because they make it out .
It 's a kind of profound kind of processing , a kind of complete attention that most of us are not lying around .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things become memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks up to our side . We 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even get us to process deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remembers to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we just put a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I am a Jersey , I was six and lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my childhood bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there 's all the time looking at television . So every time I was going from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I 'd come back and I wrapped up in a towel , they all saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , and hated it .
He <unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , and that architecture is not about math , but from those <unk> , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you , you think of `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that that 's how it 's in a building built a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that 's using architects to create an emotional connection to the ways that we built our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we used it to build houses .
Look , these very stable , solid , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways they know they 're going to work .
So we met buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it 's got a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that they 're <unk> <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , another library , which looks like this .
He 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So , how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects that are constantly driving new technologies , new endorsement , new solutions for the forms of life today .
<unk> , we would work and we wanted so much , that we get completely away from people .
All of black , this is depressed . You think that you think we feel very well , but we 're dead because we have no other option .
We have to go to the other side and bring it back to those symbols of it .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we start experimenting with the pendulum , and we 're going to swing the pendulum back forward , again and again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago of the '70s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , small-scale .
Something really hard .
So we get closer to 80 , and we started bringing those symbols together .
We 've got the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know we like and <unk> .
We added neon and we added bake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took sticks and we turned it into skyscrapers , which can be corresponding or medieval events .
And the shapes are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend a while in commercial malls , we moved to neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we could create our own architectural fantasies .
These fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Now , maybe you may have an endless of bread sticks .
This is what 's going on with <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreating recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know , that 's not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started making the pendulum swing in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
We 're doing the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find it with new compositions -- a few ways that will occur against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're completely excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , the building opened up .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics , public and general , they agreed on a building .
New York Times <unk> this miraculous construction .
The tourism is increasing in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical , how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media was going around , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
It 's the same thing made the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the last millennium country with other stars architects .
And I went to adventurous and to Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the new millennium threshold , actually started spending with all architecture , and digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how you consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building .
transport is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
The technology speeds . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
Architecture is everywhere now ; that means the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings , before we know what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
<unk> was n't a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much of them .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture , from the invention of the concrete or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media , it starts swing faster and faster , until it will be in both extreme extremes , and it 's actually going to be able to make the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make almost instant symbols , with emotional charge of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire Island in New York City .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was a part of the community , and as drawings looked exactly like the finished product , there were no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and shared it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it happen with collective memory , and by putting these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think of architecture , because digital media has n't only changed the relationship between us , but that has changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building 's built today , we 're first going to the Internet to go for `` new libraries . ''
I would be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the <unk> mayor , the <unk> people , and tell you that there 's no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings , and one is no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that I 've never seen before .
The architects can listen , and you do n't let them switch by architecture .
That means that the pendulum moves from one way to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the story of architecture , and it means that the buildings in tomorrow will be very different from buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad Berkeley of red brick based on ideas that should be a stadium .
This means that some robots can be built , because we finally will be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will flourish to the whims of nature and not the contrary .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to make sports or to yoga , or even you can get married at night .
This means that three architects can dream in swimming in the East River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so <unk> and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make , more intelligent , smarter buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
Buildings do n't only reflect our society , but they shape up to the smallest spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the bedroom in the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
He just turned a year and started walking .
And it makes it in that great , typical way of children in a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It <unk> and <unk> , and it gives itself big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of your friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and it made me think , When do you stop doing this ?
How are we all of a sudden not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 and living in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's kind of confused , because , although her mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody tells him that he 's ugly .
What his mom says , and what his friends , or school members tell him , they do n't know who believe .
So he does a video of her , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks others to please leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful , or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal , current teenager that receives these answers in one of the most emotionally vulnerable of life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what 's leading to doing this ?
Well , teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure from being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' saying , `` I love , by sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous , instantaneous way , so young .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like there 's a party in her room every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that they go from the hand with that is a no-brainer .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our kids to <unk> on the number of `` I love '' that they have and the types of comments that they get .
There is no divide between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is or what it is not .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is rigged digitally .
What 's the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are the inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of the news girls now .
<unk> size are still dominating our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> and <unk> .
For those of that , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the <unk> stars , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we probably want our kids to grow healthy and they are <unk> individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you do n't see pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as taxpayers and the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , and they 're going to participate in the classroom because they do n't want to call the attention for their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the off-season season , if you do n't think you 're right enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a smaller note to the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it 's regardless of what these young people are placed .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about how you look at you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on its body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they participate in more diets than they can bring them to a food mess .
They have low self-worth .
They 're more easily crafted by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about what 's all about what makes decisions more risky , like alcohol and drugs , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual relationships , sex and early ages and <unk> damage .
The perfect body search is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or do n't have higher rates of <unk> .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel safe in the way they see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity look like ?
We have this potential of interest to each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways : The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many available programs to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that our children follow is not only a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six different aspects are critical points for anybody willing to provide an education in your body 's self-esteem .
An education is fundamental , but facing this problem requires each of us that take the seat in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
I challenge the current status of the women , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not a good thing to tell with the contribution of our politicians in haircut , or the size of their breasts , or would imply that determination or success of a <unk> athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start to judge people for what they are , not as you see .
We can all start by doing it taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you 'd put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our kids will grow valuing their own individual , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people to actually make the difference on a pedestal .
So let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make it the ones that come out on the great screen , because we 'll just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they see is never who they are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who has in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
His daughter ?
Your niece ? Your friend ?
It could just be the woman who 's at two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that voice , and he was released from that <unk> voice , which he was haunted by not having long legs , thighs more thin , a <unk> <unk> , and smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were able to embrace this , and we would remove its potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all over .
But let our children have the truth .
You know , it 's just one part of your identity , and that the truth is we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
<unk> self-esteem on rsums .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk to us and compare to other people .
And we worked together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year age , become agents of change insurance agents themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On June five , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi <unk> <unk> , the leader of the Defense Leadership League .
And he was initially told by the innocent charges , but being a prisoner by other minor charges , they started planning attacks to about 12 cones from New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the U.N. headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans would be replaced by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 's bomb in the World Trade Center , could n't prevent them .
Later on <unk> would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , master school master school , the two made everything possible for giving me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few , even most Muslims have to know .
By experience I saw that when people take time to interact , they do n't need a lot to try to want the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of the people who are going to be used to their convictions that think that we have to use all the possible media for everyone lived like them .
A few months before arrest him sat with me and explained that in the last weekends , he and he explained that in the last weekends , he had been going to running training in Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was monitoring the FBI .
When I was throwing my father , my father helped me hold the rifle into the shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot her little orange light on the goal , and , to surprise all of us , especially of mine , the whole goal broke out .
My uncle turned to the others and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a father , as a child .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter . But just a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw it in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> van with 700 kilos of explosives in the northern parking state of the North tower , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved myself 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone was a moment of packing and going to another city .
As I was always , the new face of the class was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I spent the house reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , it did n't develop social skills , to put it gently . It was very gently .
I was raised in opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like your race or your religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences who had tested how to think , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program that I participated in at the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was going into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids we 'd done friendship was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light , this detail , and I realized that there was no animosity .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my whole life had been made to me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical people I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat a kind of nice people , exactly the way I wish I would be treated .
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart , I was making myself intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I helped myself see that the race of the people , the religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he turned into my paternal shape at a moment where I was desperately aware .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something that to conserve in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's easy .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , someday , who is about taking violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which although I was going to be fascinated this ideology violent and <unk> , I did n't get a fan of myself fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the losses that terrorism has made it in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism speaking , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
Now , with this simplicity I put here as proof that violence is not inherent either religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow their parents ' paths .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that 's projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and it 's got <unk> from what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as moments of your childhood that we project before your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on the flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything directly .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have a consciousness .
I 'm not sure you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just robots that we 're getting to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to do science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there may never be a science of consciousness .
Because all over the 20th century , we 'd get that vision .
psychology was concerned about objectively behavioral behavior , neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but no one mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything began to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger <unk> said , `` Now it 's time for science to define consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy <unk> did a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , the true central mystery of this matter : Why all physical processing in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there an underlying subjective movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become a different phenomenon like traffic jams , like the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emergent behaviors , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They 're all questions about the goal .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk , how we talk , how do we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why it is that every behavior is accompanied with subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , is actually not very much to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientific materialistic .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , he would beat my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms that would work .
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for <unk> reasons .
I think we 're going to go back at this point .
We have a wonderful explanations chain , so it 's great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains a part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world .
I think consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , and I think we need ideas that at the beginning to look crazy , before we could deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Her crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective subjective movie includes sort of an illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you have to do , is to explain objective functions , brain behaviors , and so you study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is quite close to simply denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think may be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
These are fundamental laws that govern rule , like gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything more basic .
Instead , they 're very fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing is going on .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you can not explain the electrical phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts sang , space , mass , mass laws , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we found ourselves with consciousness .
If you can not explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of music , space , time , mass , load , load up , then for the question of logic , we 've extended the list .
The most natural thing would make awareness as a fundamental brick , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens up the way to handle scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with the other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , processes .
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can put them into a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we could put them into a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : `` Pan '' for the mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is n't that photons will be intelligent or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of distress when you think , `` Oh , always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , so not .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling , subjective , some <unk> precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did anybody think about something so crazy ?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is critical .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , is natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind looks more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that we think about thinking about the physical process , is <unk> awareness .
Whenever there is information processing , there 's consciousness .
It 's known as complex as a human being , complex consciousness .
Simple awareness , simple awareness .
And something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed rigor with mathematical methods .
It has an mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of integration of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a middle of the integration medium of information integration , equally significant , degree of consciousness quite important .
But when it comes to the worms , microbes , particles , the <unk> degree .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will be still a different level of consciousness from zero .
It actually involves a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
physicists and philosophers have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality that underlies underneath .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire go out of the equations ? ''
From the vision of the physics of physics , you can leave as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations .
In that vision , consciousness is n't out of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to make our relationship with nature , and can have quite serious ethical and ethical consequences .
Some of them may be <unk> .
I used to think that I was n't supposed to eat anything to be aware of , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you get much hungry .
I think you think about it , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral moral , is not so much the fact that the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems as computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha 's artificial intelligence system ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , so that the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you have some pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk , right now , we have a collective collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole TED group , different from the inner movies of each other parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think that at least is a question that you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> view , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually most sure of the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental something , that the second one that 's universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we will finally discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , an profile of education .
I went to school , I was amazed with my friends , I got my youngest sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came to my parents , because I wanted to give it to a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually did n't get anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> series `` The <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
A few years later , I was in the second part of the teaching in a middle school in Melbourne , so only after about 20 minutes in middle school , so just after about 20 minutes , he got a guy up his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What about speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for about 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And that 's when I realized : This kid had had experiences with disabilities as inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the guy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We are not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage <unk> to what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to spend dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to disability .
Yes , you 've sold us the lie that disability is something like a <unk> , a capital M , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and live with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
It 's possible that you 've seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , the girl without the hands with a pen held by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running out of carbon fiber dense feet .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term by deliberately , because we 've got a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , let 's get the disabled disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate you , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad that 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been talking to strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this would happen before my job had a public profile .
It was like I got up with getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images we 're sending people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability .
They 're there so that you can see them and think that things are n't as bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a hard thing .
Let 's get some things out .
But the things that we do n't have things that you can think of .
They 're not linked to our bodies .
I use the term `` <unk> people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to argue to the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in than because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
The things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies , pulling out the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to do it in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' he says it 's like a compliment .
And I know why .
It 's because of the lie , because we have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here today 's inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I 'm .
<unk> other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
<unk> that it 's about a great idea to use some barbecue 's <unk> to pick up the things that go down to me , and they would get the clever trick of how to load the battery on the battery 's battery battery battery .
Great .
We learn from the strength and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but it 's against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that you have become about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in a range of stairs has never done a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen will not show up the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a whole bunch of people in the middle of a bookstore , and they would make a positive attitude to turn all of those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> <unk> '' is n't considered <unk> of anything to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have as low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be able to stand up for bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value genuine people 's genuine achievement with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where an eighth degree of Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a user of a wheelchair .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think you know about to know about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> <unk> ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please , you do n't get bored .
When people think in augmented reality , you think of `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise flying hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen , because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of them are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets them see what I see .
They will allow them to experience what is being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to fix it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you can fill with with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what is running through the game field at 160 miles per hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a 110 kg , <unk> us , trying to relate to it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that 's not nice .
I 'm going to take a few videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not pictures of the NFL practices , because the idea of the automatic technology NFL is a submarine going up to the surface . But we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have realized that lack of people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , being their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field angle .
or a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we put us from all the time , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which probably many of you already know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic virtual reality ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Oh !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster held by his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan of Adrian 's video when you put a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> from a <unk> with the arm before and make a notation ?
When I can be unable to run through the court , throw the ball back into the bottom of the network , or do you start doing a Wimbledon job ?
What is your experience when you go down a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe the diapers of diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , augmented reality when the coaches and <unk> and owners see the information from what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they 're always using technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher in the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to his <unk> field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the <unk> of the field <unk> and after the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player coming back to your group and you see your next move in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you carry on . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
or they memorize the strategy .
They just go out into the countryside and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just an improved strategies .
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people that are down .
You also get information from <unk> and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all of that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know .
The bad ones will have information overload .
This is going to make the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine it 's the field <unk> .
You get the ball and <unk> .
It 's an open receiver . Suddenly a flashlight in the left-hand side of your bombsight , you tell you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> . Usually I do n't know , but the system of <unk> tells you .
Let 's go to the area of protection .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receiver .
It 's going to get off the ball , but you 're going to get away .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor sees the bombsight in its bombsight , a area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
He 's coming up , he picks up the ball , running and <unk> .
The audience gets crazy and fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game .
So I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you about is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy of the human beings , to show someone how it is literally being in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth of League of them .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology worth in the classroom trying to show you how bad they are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology worth in Uganda or Russia or Russia trying to show the world how it 's being pursued ?
How much is it as well for a Hadfield atheist or an Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of kids to think about the space and science instead of short-term notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality comes about .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently met myself after 23 years of service in the California <unk> California .
Now , most of those 23 years , I spent the country on the southern end of <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , an engineer chief forced to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical or unlikely . ''
But in openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension , this bridge has become idealized as such , so that each of the concerns and the pain , and the waters that go down below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a drop of four to five seconds , the body flows against water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact is breaking the bones , some of which <unk> vital organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
Those who do n't , usually they 're going to be <unk> in the helpless water , and then they are drown .
I do n't think that those who are going to make this method of suicide realizing the death they 're going to face .
This is the cable .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people are in order before we get their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is at that edge , and in the darker time , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who were hired for suicide , but the officers were too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year when you get a suicide subject of a suicide subject , sitting on the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason talking with an official on the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason had only 32 years old and he 'd flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , he 'd flown up to here twice before from New Jersey trying to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , I asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , the curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From her out of pests , sorrows and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was the hope .
And Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
A few moments were stopped , leaned into the right , and it was .
This kind of guy 's kind and smart guy had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't look very well , because the next day , my family rabbi called me to see how he was .
Jason 's parents had been asked .
collateral damage affects a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone beloved were suicide ?
What would you say ?
What to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels like , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think someone 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other people have thought about finishing their life ; have you had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of you can save your life and be the inflection point for them .
Other signs to search : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to improve ; let 's go better , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it ; it 's recent social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you his letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking , I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends that tell your friends , and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but by noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving out of <unk> to San Francisco to see the IQ party with his father on the 19th of January .
It never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported as a disappeared night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness I had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with your fight .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge , and go to the bridge that his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call for a possible subject on the bridge of the bridge near the north tower .
I would put my bike on the sidewalk , and I watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
During the hour and a half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided to go back on that lane , and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin went back , he would plug it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was the thing that made you go back and give hope and another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
They stopped talking and simply heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to give it to you .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the <unk> events , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> to help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been correctly <unk> .
She brought Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits 's traits , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , like it says .
We give God thanks to you .
<unk> in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General General in San Francisco that night , you 're <unk> as the patient .
`` Wow , I did have to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active limb .
It speaks openly about the events that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing their own pain , to stealing the opportunity to meet .
This is what suicide does .
For most suicidal people , or those who consider suicide , would n't think of hurt another person .
They just want their own pain .
Usually this is achieved by just three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol , or death .
In my career , I 've said , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls of suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who spoke about about an hour .
During that time , I would get my hand on three times .
In the end of the end , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of the people we get to contact with that bridge is not killing .
Also , those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one or two , most of those people have said that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us should use to do .
suicide can prevent .
There is help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you are , and one question makes you mark , how do you become that ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had since .
My outside finally was consistent with my inner inner self .
So for complicated reasons , I 'm going to tell you later , when I look at this picture , I 'm looking at this picture , and I 'm looking at this picture , you get it , you got .
But last October , I found that , I 'm just starting .
We all become our families , our religion , our society , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of you have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin , or by the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who always challenge the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , a lot of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was placed as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I would always wear this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , I 'm my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
And I knew then how to fix it .
The gender is always considered a <unk> fact , but now we know that , in fact , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never dared to share my story , not because I thought I 'm a bad thing , but for how the world comes to those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , my dad and a family that accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , god 's god .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I would like to be .
And when I was 15 , when she was still wearing man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she said , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if he <unk> her , he was responsible for the fees to raise and his costume , and that night , he won in a bathroom , he won a <unk> suit , and he got third of the over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was within the world of beauty beauty .
Not many people can say that their first work was of queen 's beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when I traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me , and he told me that he passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me , and he said , `` You know , if you give you to the U.S. , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me I put two `` and '' to my name .
She 's also accompanied by me when I was stuck in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the more sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the U.S. , it was necessary to be done before the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name <unk> and the `` F '' of gender .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman from New York who lived his truth , but he <unk> , he put his life back .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20th of November we do a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who were going on and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rilke .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and only me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , nor fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday , there 's no more <unk> in November 20 .
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am .
Will you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you with all my blessings .
And my parents ' network , my parents , and my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been to young young women , which I 've dealt with , and sometimes , when they were called and told me that their parents could not embrace it . I would take the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , all of us was assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is to put on the table that sometimes that tour does not , and there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents usually know about their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> began his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts went to 2011 , to give the National Prize for peace , he became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , human history is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth a girl , their birth is not celebrated .
It 's not for his father , nor for his mother .
The neighborhood comes , it gives the mother to the mother , and no one would tell the father .
And a mother feels a lot to have a girl .
When he gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , he <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when he extended his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , he suffers .
At age five , when I should go to school , it stays home and school admits of his brothers .
At the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
He can play with his friends in the street , and he can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , he is banning him out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of your house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It turns into the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if they were giving the code of that idea of honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only affects the life of a girl , also affects the life of family members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness from his sisters in the name of course .
And there is a single norm of the patriarchal societies that 's called obedience .
A good girl must be very quiet , very humble , very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The <unk> model must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepting the decisions of their father and their mother and decisions about the elderly , even if they do n't .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you get married with an old man , you have to embrace it , because you do n't want to be stopped by <unk> .
If the married marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet : `` The marry , and then gives birth to more and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , let 's get the same lesson to her daughter and the same lesson to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
It was <unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I felt extremely honored .
And long before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty of freedom of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter like that .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted it a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half .
You might ask , why should I mention a child in a school ?
Yes , I must mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for life 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of your identity and your name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore its potential for its future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I ran out a Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family 's family 's family .
And the reason was that I 'd never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter value .
What my father could n't give her sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
You know , <unk> to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to refer them into their personality .
And this was n't just her , just for <unk> .
I 've done all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
He taught my daughters , teaching students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools lost .
Girls were banned to school .
The women were forced to use the <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few people talked about it , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , I got up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered himself for the documentaries of the New York Times , and he talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It <unk> like a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate their campaign and nine in October 2012 , was shot in his head .
It was a day of mine for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into the ear to my wife , `` Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please do n't let you .
It 's just a fair cause .
It <unk> your life in play by the cause of truth , because of peace , and because of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words , I 'm going to spend a lot to me , and I did n't ask ask again .
When he was in the hospital , and he had severe pains and severe headaches because his facial nerve was cut down , I used to see a dark shadow that was sticking out of my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile , and I 'm standing on my face .
I 'm doing good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was an solace for us , and we were going to hide .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for women 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries when he did n't end his task .
They fight with his brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's a special about my mentoring that has made so bold , so bold , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
I did .
I did n't cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and , from that day , science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you I 've recently joined me with a group called Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I join Google or outside my work .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you 're going to give you a brain operation .
Do you still be as clever or not ?
Is n't that , can you be smart ?
After the neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , it would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get it , to follow life .
More than once I 've been saved .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would live to try to get the <unk> dose , because there really does n't really exist a clear map that says to <unk> .
I began to test with different mixes , and I was amazed by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : For a few months , I tried to dose and chemical chemicals for a man from 20 , and I was surprised when I changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I was thinking about all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person to all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met various types of guys , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as one end .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , very insecure , fix a problem that I had in front of it , and it just did n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and about what they have to go through . I 've been better at men .
And what I was trying to do , when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I 'm going to think almost always in images , and that became my key core point : How can I get those mental images that use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
It 's like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , look at things like similar .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
There 's the idea of asking this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . It 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the thinking <unk> and <unk> .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have lots of great mental <unk> , and it really <unk> , really sophisticated and so structured .
Now , I 'm working on how to get very quick these mental images , from my mind to the screen screen .
Can you imagine what if a movie director were able to use their imagination just to lead the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to get doing this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're quite close to this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups in neuroscience .
Both used MRI , MRI , functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and your Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The column of the medium shows the brain scan of that same individual as we imagined , seeing that same image .
The column on the right was created by the core of the central column of the left . It 's seen that the difference is almost zero .
This is repeated by many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost zero .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert the brainwaves into unignorable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were going to get their brains to create a large drop of brain reactions to the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as we had a new scan .
The computer , using only the brain information of scanning <unk> to show what seemed that the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the badge of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This let us say that .
We 're right near that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create the same image of the same mapping .
This has been done with the brain scanning brain scanning systems that are available today , and their resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we get it ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer myself for that .
Now , many of you are proposing new projection techniques , by images , even me . With the recent MRI result , first we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way of getting more resolution is with bigger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> only offer small improvements in resolution , not for thousands of them as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , we make better magnets .
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this care ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of effort in MRI was to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the advances in recent <unk> of clever , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receptors at frequency of the FM <unk> in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a field of a uniform , <unk> magnetic patterns into the frequencies of FM radio .
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing , we can actually increase the information that you can extract from a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity , this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could spend above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be capable of ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We 've got a few more choices than to open up this door .
So anyway , choose one year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not just in a traditional sense , not just the gay gay gay gay .
I think we all have cabinets .
Their closet probably is to tell some person for the first time you love or tell someone who 's pregnant , or telling someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you 've ever passed through life .
Now , that whole closet is a tough conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived in that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various stages of the <unk> <unk> : I did n't whistle my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be torn off that by the <unk> of my pants little pants , and I 'd put her head down a little bit , I would ask myself , usually a little boy , `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And there was an awkward silence at the table .
I put my jaw a little bit more , I would take my jaw a little bit , I 'll leave my coffee .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and let 's go inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was prepared , and he was about to get into the female issues at the table , he had the dates of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem 's quotes .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' to show .
And so I took a deep breath and look down and my back , a <unk> girl with a pink dress , staring at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question : `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
And then I took a little bit back again , I got a lot of a lot of it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something .
I have the short hair like the kid , and I 've seen a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just , `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , both , were honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinet in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbows .
But within the darkness , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how it feels like living in a cupboard .
That 's how my closet is n't different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you 100 reasons why I 'm going to get out of my closet , it was more difficult than coming out of your own , but this is the thing : it 's hard is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who has declared a broken bank is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five-year-old who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We must stop to classify what 's hard to do about what 's difficult for us to feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in closets , and they may make safety , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I had a tail line , a dress and shoe shoes .
He was n't Mr. militant lesbian ready to fight every four year-old boy who would walk into the coffee .
She was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay closet , and the moving will only be a muscle is the highest thing I ever had .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to not be disappointed , and now the world turned around by purpose .
It was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been going on for so long , but if you did n't toss that grenade , I 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time many among the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing my speeches ' <unk> , in my black dress and heels . He walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who were known to me .
And after speaking , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` <unk> , you 've ever been in Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antony ?
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite show ? Will and Grace .
And who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , ironically , but he 's waiting to show his support , to make me know that he was on my side , finally said to shape , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do you engage ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for what you get .
That 's how hard conversations continue to be my strong point .
Ask anybody that I 've got out of .
But I 'm getting better , and I continue to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it implies is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
It runs your armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee I had no armor , but I was ready for battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Sean 's direct . It 's just <unk> .
If you know they 're gay , let 's go .
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay , they will maintain the hope that that could change .
Do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most important -- let 's make the complex .
You communicate their truth .
It would never be surprised by that .
And some of you can go out secure , <unk> out of what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you will be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark , you get a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , an productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this thing as a critique of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
So let 's take a step back .
Let 's first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we are trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that you do n't know about this , that has no concept on the Earth 's intelligence , you 're forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that would be able to put the surface of a country mysteriously stop doing that .
And so I claim that this is the same question that the understanding of the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines that pointed out , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be modeled for the development of intelligence , and , in particular , for the development of universal states that we can optimize the diversity of possible future diversity .
Finally , in the process of robotic motion , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues and <unk> together , I asked , for a number of years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain the open choices , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , even an imminent future , future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain the open choices .
And so , by looking at this equation , it 's natural to ask , what can you do with this ?
How risky is it ?
Do you look at the level of human intelligence ?
Is artificial intelligence to artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research have suggested that universes that make more mess , or `` entropy , '' during their life , should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence would make a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of the long term , but actually it comes directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find in it .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple trials of animal intelligence , play games of humans , and even making money trade , all of that without being told by doing that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a <unk> human foot , here we see <unk> balancing automatically by a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal .
He just decided he just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This ability to cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable into a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game of <unk> against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
Here we are going to be able to make new orchestrate in a social network where the friends are constantly getting out and keeps the very connected network .
This same network <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we can spontaneously discover and execute a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of action negotiation , successfully by increasing assets under their recovery .
This ability to risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all of us from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back at the beginning of the term of the term , the <unk> work , there 's always the concept that if we could make intelligent machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
Machines looked up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become intelligent and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of all of the possible future is a most fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the search for the goal .
And they often ask me , `` How do we look for goals are follows from this kind of frame ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe .
NASA 's mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope , which measures light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their mother star .
Together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the Earth planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light they receive from their suns .
And again , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this trove of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that has been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that caused global scale , they have rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not an astronomer scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet by influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I look for aliens opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as a very interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look at the Earth-like planets , more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet discovered and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission as Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> like `` Curiosity '' track its surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that we 're orbiting , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
private companies now offer not only short space flight , but also the tantalizing chance of living on Mars .
But even though all these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places we 're actually compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on the Earth , the air is cool and filled with oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of kilometers away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets next to it is a big , sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some that Mars would expect there to save us from the only planet we know that it 's truly livable , the Earth .
And so I 'm going to like the interplanetary exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reason to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to protect humanity is as to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will argue that the real party will have place later on your life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for the interplanetary exploration and the Earth preservation are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal to understand , to preserve and improve life in the future .
So the extreme environments in our world look like aliens .
Just get closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the ground , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi 's physicist asked : having in mind that our universe has existed for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations are becoming advanced enough to consider living between stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're going to do .
It 's arrogant to think that only the colonization will save us from ourselves , but <unk> planetary exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend to the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
And a few years ago , I would argue my own house .
And while I was on the front porch , looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were on the dining room table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other gates and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from Jeff 's friend , because I had an early flight to Europe , and I had an early flight from my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's sure that it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing right .
I 'm a neurologist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that your heart rate increases , put the adrenaline levels and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the seating counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that I could put in place , which can prevent bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , the probability of that is a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts were n't going to do .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed he talked about that he broke the window , and he had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he 'd been practicing something called <unk> retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about it a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a mess , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , as Danny explains and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong and try to figure out all the things that could be wrong , then trying to figure out what can do to prevent things out or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , other are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , you 've got a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds common and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where it 's the good , where the fish are , that places that are located in the <unk> trees , where the tribes live with friends and enemies .
Now , the hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in the <unk> in London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody actually did the experiment , they cut the sense of the squirrels , and they still could find their nuts .
They were n't using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose your car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , I 'm going to take a place for the keys , a hook next to the gate , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and they 're <unk> with it , their things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a photo of his credit card , and he 's license driving , passport , mail themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal it , it can make it easier .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful than when you face to a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our health care or a loved self , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> like a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that you 'd benefit from a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then your doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help lower cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the ridge , and you know it 's one of the most <unk> drugs in the world today . Even you 're likely to know people who take them .
And so you think , `` Yes , let 's go out <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that the majority of doctors do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or engage with surgery in any medical procedure before they can help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't give me something if I was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not a doctor 's fault , and if it 's blame , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs would work only 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think that is ?
How many people have to take it before to help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of the <unk> talent researchers , and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I 'm going to explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another 900 event .
Now maybe you think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of a lower cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Tell the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more , and it 's , `` <unk> of side effects . '' Yeah ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of patients .
And those are terrible things : debilitating , muscle pain and articulate , your GI pain , but now you think , `` Five percent are not very likely to go to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , under stress do n't think of clarity .
So think of how we 're doing this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning into the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped it , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
One has 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that can help the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
Medical ethic requires , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air by the crash value , but actually this needs necessary to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more done in the older men in 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number necessary to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of patients .
These include impotence or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , fecal shells , incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can argue with the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this stuff in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice a lot of times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about this , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change the opinion of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that point is that you turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you 're not necessary for a predator , you do n't need the digestive system or your immune system , because if your body is spending the metabolism on those things , it wo n't react fast . You could get the lunch of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational sense , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail at a time .
The idea is to think about the future , how are those failures , to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize the harm , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
I went back in the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor , I settled on a combination of combination along the door , with a key to the door , with a very easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not quite organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , <unk> is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> touch .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> at the score , you need to touch more gently .
Two . ' <unk> .
Four are <unk> . ' <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of ' <unk> may have , never let a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of sign , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800 , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and the language was developed that we now know as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sound , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs and behaviors and <unk> norms .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify sound .
<unk> and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise to eat the potato chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you make sure you do n't get it on your dish . ''
I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound of the sound to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> does n't have grades in the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the culture of the culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
Yet for me , to make it with my thumb , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At the time , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has gone in my art territory .
Is it going to become more of the art ?
I realized it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not only experienced through your ears .
I can feel it kind of tactile , or experience visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in the sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
At the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower myself .
I chose to give it to me .
There 's a massive culture around the language .
And only because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
So I 'm capable of being relevant in today 's society .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I asked to borrow their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I 'm not going to continue with this practice , I feel that I could do it in oblivion , and not have any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , you 're going to be at the music world .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And you can say from a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning so much of the signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how you work .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If it <unk> a different parameter for each finger while you touch the piano , like facial expression , your body 's movement , the speed , the shape of your hand , and that 's the way the piano plays , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to take a key at a time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers appropriately to express a concept of clear or an idea of <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing about music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> sign on that .
This is the <unk> signal .
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> me .
Oh , I 'm going to give you .
Oh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , just !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and take it over and again , it could become like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of the day , the sun comes out and puts it .
This is `` all day . ''
If you zoom in and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the whole night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` every night . ''
I feel the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time in <unk> and how distance to body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back of the body .
So , the first example is , `` It 's a long time ago . ''
Then , `` Last . '' `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea at the time , `` Once again . ''
`` common time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' , I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : hand right , E : hand hand .
We have the <unk> through your head and your chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight , flashlight ) [ Time ] [ Time ] [
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody with high hands .
Now we 're going to do it so much in your head as a chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages worldwide .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And this is now .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
You see how the three signs are very similar . Everyone happens in your head and your chest , but they 're carrying very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and wealthy , just like music .
Yet today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because <unk> does n't have sounds , it does n't automatically have social value .
We have to begin to question what defines social value and allow the <unk> to grow its own value , without sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn to be deaf , not to learn to learn music .
The <unk> is rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to encourage you to open your ears , to open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with it .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were telling me , `` You can do it all , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence bubble , or a bubble of ignorance must say , because adults would lie to protecting us from the horrible truth .
As I get older , I found out that adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good at cleaning up the others .
The time happened , I 'm now an adult , and I teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong ' school .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk through the beach <unk> with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , clean the beaches , and not , they 're not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And over the last few decades , we 've been dating these large ships and networks , to gather those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and the classify and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So together with my students , with ages of six to 15 years , dream of inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
So we started building this <unk> table with <unk> <unk> , so that the kids who are very excited to participate in .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to push them into something that we expect to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , only information 's information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
Then we created very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and chambers on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that 's slowly moving through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the plastic pieces slowly floating through the sensor while the computer onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a measure estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
I 'm going to take this step step into a website for inventors called `` Similarly , '' with the hope that someone can make it even more .
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem ] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're going to get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where you get caught , the place where you live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud , and the oil and the oil is also brown color , and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So , we built a very first prototype of a critter that can burning through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
So we got this prototype with a sensor , and we sent him to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remotely help other kids .
[ I can research a problem at a distance ] -- I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe taking a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half the Japanese and half French and maybe remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it triggered various giant waves , call calls , and those tsunamis destroyed a variety of cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to water .
And today , according to the reports of an average 300 metric tons are still filtering out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is gone out of the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents did n't .
But every night we reported to the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Together with them we discussed the data that day and talk about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> and so forth .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We create the rising map , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate rain .
So we could see that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest nuclear expedition to date .
We get closer to 1.5 miles of the nuclear power station , and with the fishermen of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a <unk> <unk> as we invented and built .
Here 's a progression here : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more and more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit smaller so much , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optical , basically , can be built almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , we , scientists , creators , we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and the people , and so they can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two Twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made of thousands of steel pieces , the other thread of silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is a place on the environment , the other thing creates .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that was fighting for being free .
The <unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we take all of the information that they needed for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by wealth and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as <unk> parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You 're mostly acting as filter as filter , which is the other kind of barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that varies its functionality through variation on elasticity .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect when working between <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere , analytics and synthesis , shows in the two screens behind me .
My job , in its simplest level , tries to unite these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why could n't this be possible for 10 or five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where they have four disciplines that offers designers access to the tools we 've never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools across the scales , of large scale , like this robotic arm with a 60 meters in diameter that some day not very distant to print entire buildings , and graphics at the nanoscale made of genetically altered structures that glow in the dark .
Here we have <unk> the latticework on , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> -- it 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing , we printed this layer and skirt , 3D skirt with each cell . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allowing the products that fit not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair to the structural and comfortable chair and also absorbs sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 've got this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , like in nature , varies its functionality is not by addition to another material or another assembly , but constantly continuously and delicately the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Do n't there are parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was stuck , and he got to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , sheets and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often wonder , `` What would design be if the objects did of a single piece ?
Do you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs and scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune into their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in a single piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of husks of shrimp , <unk> and produced <unk> <unk> .
They 're able to make the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a broad range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple nozzles in <unk> controlled .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the way and create these structures made from a single <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable material .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process that were used to contain microorganisms , which appeared for the first time a 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition out of beam beams , and if it gets even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree <unk> .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for <unk> objects , on the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put it on the ground , help grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration , using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we must master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made <unk> and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> metals , new biological functionalities , within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're going to solve our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquids bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
It turns out the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and it produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single canal that resembles the digestive tract , which will help flow these bacteria and they 're going to make them flow their function .
So we started making those channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material according to the functionality we wanted .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we will make more transparent channels .
This digestive digestive system , when you reach from one end to another , it takes 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our <unk> intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first <unk> <unk> , brilliant liquid channels with life inside of clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide another half ?
And if we could create structures that increase matter ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we 're going to make our skin down , we 're going to attract the damaged tissue and bring our bodies ?
Think about this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home inside which they 're being formed .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of not two materials , but from two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers into each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first goes on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to <unk> a cocoon of compression .
The tension and the compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to better understand how this complex process works , we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , a row .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of the silk worm .
However , by putting the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we would have a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon structure , it was transmitted directly by the environment .
The silk worms are often <unk> by death within their cocoons , their silk gets checked and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape the raw silk without boiling boiling .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
And so we took this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> doing silk templates , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew that the silk worms would go into darker , dark and cool areas , so we use a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributed silk worms over the structure .
We were prepared to get caterpillars .
We are asked by <unk> silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after they were four weeks old , they were prepared to get us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By <unk> biological silk , it 's about silk silk , and they give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little bit over two or three weeks , you collect cross-cultural silk worms 400 miles away .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here 's the two visions of the world .
A silk <unk> is through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers have to join these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which leads us from a inspired design in nature to a nature of design , which demands of us , for the first time , that we do care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
You can <unk> your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if you ask the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
They 've caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and dance websites .
Maybe you 've heard about ourselves .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , because we have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I was going to give you something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get myself on it , and I 'm going to let me out , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again , this point where I 'm starting <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and <unk> to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me , because I did n't do it for anything .
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked myself to ask .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where you learned that , you learned about culture .
We 're asking first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what we 're going to get at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in kids like , `` I 'll be an astronaut , '' or `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to give you the fortune suit here .
This question takes us over and over again , while we grow up in various ways as we grow up in high school students , they 're asking you to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise before we get away from sleep .
Why ?
If this is inspired by kids to dream about what they might be , it does n't inspire dreaming of what they might be .
In fact , it 's just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond with 20 different things , even though adults well maybe laugh and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And the Amy Ng , a magazine editor turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , professor and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate , or the real vocation , the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're someone who 's not connected in this way ?
What happens if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like one in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And feeling there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath so I say .
It could help if you divide three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 're seeing the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the age of the Renaissance , the ideal was the one who was right now in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
I 'll have any term you like or making your own .
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as limitation or deciding that you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
That is , the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed his shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , trips , mathematics and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
By <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea of his blending of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second superpower superpower is fast learning .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to beginners , because it had been many times in the past , and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and come out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are <unk> other disciplines , and we bring everything that we have learned to every new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a full-time <unk> and independent writer .
As a pianist , an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> known .
Before to become a writer , I was a financial planner .
He had to learn the fine sales mechanics when their practices were starting , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
They rarely is a waste of time to engage what you 're drawn to , even if you finally drops .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower superpower is adaptability . That is , the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , a website designer , sometimes a teacher , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take out different roles , depending on the needs of his clients .
Now , Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that may be able to meet the market needs , the ones that we really do .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that might be lost if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a huge interest in foster people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional now , and we need not conventional creative thinkers to address them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
<unk> <unk> , knowing that they wanted to be neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams are made up of an specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice , and <unk> offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design life and careers that we 're dealing with with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , you 're going to get them in a big part of them , and they 're just encouraging them to just be more like their specialized roommates .
I once said this , if there 's one thing that you 're going to take from this talk , I hope that 's this : <unk> with the wiring 's wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , you know , <unk> all over the media .
That 's where you will give the best of yourself .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just come out of being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling them , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep in curiosity for those rabbit <unk> .
They intersections .
We put our inner wiring on us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric psychiatric .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but let 's get it down until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he took an autopsy and they found strange plates , and he goes in the brain of <unk> , from a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than the fact that it gave him 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's been a lot of the advanced medicine a lot .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , preventing HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But there 's a little bit progress in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way .
If you expect to live to 85 years or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease is almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that your years is going to happen with Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or love with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs do require a five times by 2050 in 2050 , as the generation gets older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the biggest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively small to fight them .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death worldwide , Alzheimer 's is the only ones that can not prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's disease , because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than Alzheimer 's disease despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of the scientists , even the scientists , Alzheimer 's disease with aging .
We think that it will be appreciated in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only a picture of an aged brain brain compared to an Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleash a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to caused by Alzheimer 's essentially reduces life expectancy and is always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found , and he sends strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For nearly a century , we did n't know much about this .
We know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a molecule of protein as a piece of paper it folds out as an origami .
There are places on the paper that they 're sticky .
And when it folds out well , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules become each other , forming groups that can make large plates and light .
That 's what we see in the patients of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what happened to block is complex , as a bomb defuse .
<unk> a cord could do nothing .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step of the right step to it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of the wires have reduced the wires and waited the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemists , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've gotten to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's see a few videos from what happened when these drugs are in worms .
These are healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving in normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick with each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they are clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage , then we see that we heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that it grows that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have made more research and 24-hour pressure about governments , pharmaceutical industry and legislators .
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , are often too usages to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients today like <unk> , who can not create the change they need to themselves .
<unk> speaking for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to prove it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers are going to be asked for 36 more and more personal questions , and then they both look into the eyes without speaking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd get to another person ?
And just ?
As we are moving forward , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I mean , I really like -- Tell your partner to what you like from him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to somebody you 've ever met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I sent her to the spinal cord to a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you are probably going to be wondering : Do you keep together ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
One week before the paper was placed , I was very nervous .
I 'd been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been thrilled to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views , like a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends , and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views .
And that took a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as it gave , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had called the Show Today and the Good <unk> America .
In one month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is foster trust writing deeply about human experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call or writing , what they did every day for weeks , they always did first the same question : they still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Still still together ? ''
And several messages came out immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
I even gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
36 questions seemed to have life itself .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , who included the experiences of readers when I tested them in different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very comfortable with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
<unk> television interviews , and I refused the orders of us two .
I think it was afraid of becoming the <unk> of the <unk> process . A range of the fact that I did n't feel at absolute qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really was able to produce enduring love , not just an adventure , but real love , enduring love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just about a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or do n't , and then tell them ?
If the answer was , do n't the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this study in 1997 , and there , the researcher 's goal was to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking to foster interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron called <unk> <unk> , progressive and reciprocal people .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
participants felt more close after doing that . Several later studies also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between the police and the community , and they 've used it among people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately , he never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness : I tried the studio and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to tell you from the person who did it ?
Well , he paused .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , but got better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love .
I came across study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was mostly my adult life , and he was my first love of true love , and he had no idea how or if he could live without him .
So I went into science .
And I did this all I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could kind of be a <unk> heart .
I do n't know if I realized that at the time I was just thinking that I was just studying the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it looks really obvious .
I thought that if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I felt so badly .
And this knowledge has been useful in one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence going to demand what I look for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably than reasonably to demand me .
What I 'm looking for love is an assurance , not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to remain loved forever by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate something about implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that asks : still still together ?
And their content with an answer or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that asking questions harder , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who do n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and <unk> ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship , it 's this -- a year ago , a known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love with , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same thing to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article writing : Love did n't happen .
<unk> in love because we took the choice of being .
And I wince to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered anything that choice was meant .
I did n't think so many times , we would have both to make that decision , and I 'll just have to keep making that choice without knowing before if he 's always going to choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and funny and having expressed that choice in the biggest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship to the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I look for , and what maybe I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's just the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in full mountain , and I sort of got a <unk> of the forest .
The city of New York City makes a while ago , something that really affected me , but more details ahead .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I would take a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange speaker or some aliens found this box about 500 years later , and we 're going to figure out how our species cultivate ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a given time , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from field and surf and all those strange things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I looked at all the pages , and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> that I did Martin Martin , I covered the resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added the more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to grow up the size , as if I was going to take the text on a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , draw like it 's done around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , botanical -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I got interested in the human form , <unk> <unk> sculptures of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
So I started drawing in the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , together that make three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work was <unk> with something very big , I call `` triptych . ''
By the triptych , I was inspired by a big measure in `` The garden of the delight '' by Hieronymus Bosch which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of their time .
Well , `` triptych . '' <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11,000 kilos .
Five meters long .
It 's twice as a face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , there 's Jesus and grasshoppers .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh zone where they 're hidden .
Here is where creatures with animal heads are heading to the <unk> , ready to commit suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
The Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon platform of <unk> <unk> -- the hut of Osama Bin Laden , there are all sorts of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out .
Their hands are like <unk> and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand where it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a five-minute tail long , a snake tail that unites `` triptych . ''
Anyway , its tail turn into fire in a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
Their tail ends up in a <unk> eyeball made from terrorist cards made of 1986 .
Did you see them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were to be baseball cards for terrorists .
It takes me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a form of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's carrying me .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 1,300 kilos with a human being caught inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's your chest , you can get it back .
I 'm going to get you through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and that you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick review of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a broken body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills that come out and come in the head of this weird statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
In this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a writer , a woman , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we 're doing in the world ; and a garden .
We put out the box and all the people inside each other as particles are .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who it is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of the countries , the borders , of the religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start exchanging those things with sweetness , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when it hurts your head ?
They take aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first goes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
So I 'll take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system so that any drug made out of the body .
The downside , however , is that by <unk> any drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve the number of viruses in the blood , and you 're going to increase the <unk> cells .
But also , they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time it takes to get to your blood current , they 're going to fall apart , and worse for the time that it takes to get to its destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body as the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't quite easily enter the bloodstream of the patients who are being tested to regulate regular drugs with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect the blood cells .
This is the great problem of HIV dealing with the current drug drugs that is now running by oral treatment .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly into the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientist at lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , to care of wounds and diabetes surgery , you can use it for anything imaginable , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill into extremely small holes , which open and closed almost immediately the HIV cells to introduce drugs .
The best question , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser beam on the cellular membrane with HIV in HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser cuts through the cell while the cell absorbs the drug into a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize it , the hole is immediately immediately .
We 're now testing this technology or in vitro plates , but the goal is to take this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the site of the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't look very long .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the overall eradication of HIV .
Yes . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all of the HIV researcher in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying non-state armed groups : arms organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
You come up with what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to better understand these generators of violence and study ways of encouraging violent participation to violent confrontation .
I do fieldwork in the world of politics and the library .
To understand these groups is key to solve almost everything conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and <unk> actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> were signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
That 's why we have to understand these groups -- even we have to engage them or replace them in any resolution of successful conflicts .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how do they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and politics were connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the <unk> Lebanese , known for his violent compassion against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military apparatus .
Likewise , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip , since 2007 .
So these groups make more than simply shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We had a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , television channels , Internet websites and strategies of social networks .
And here 's the magazine of ISIS , printed in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups also invest in a complex fundraising funds , but through cost-effective business , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their money , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , running hospitals , put professional training programs and microfinance programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped out of the war , or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated greater price for the population .
But in general , to provide social services , it means filling a vacuum , a schism gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 has been able to understand without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think of the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
<unk> because they fill out gaps by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations , we can , less of us as a contrary to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of a territory , running all its functions , collect the garbage , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines will go .
We live in a world of states , from nation without state and hybrids , and the weaker are states , as in the Middle East , more come in and they fill that gap to non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in military tools .
It has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace together .
If we understand better at armed groups , we 'll better understand what incentives to provide to encourage the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not give us peace .
To get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept openly the label of `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to get myself as a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist '' and then on interviews , people started calling me <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate provocation , it 's become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these <unk> , anger with the men and hated sex . Like if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems like a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to assume that might be feminist .
It 's going to be labeled as feminist was an accusation , a <unk> , unpleasant word .
I 'm going to tell myself as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who asks too much , high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Eventually , as I was growing up , I began to accept that I 'm , in fact , feminist , and also , proud of being .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
Let 's pay the same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world as <unk> and harassment or violence .
We have right to use an easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without controls controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to look at our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to look at these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music <unk> everything .
Although the letter degrades the women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' on the classical Yang is amazing .
`` Do n't get your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , move it until it hurts the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all domestic tasks , but also killing insects , <unk> collection , <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
<unk> from fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can look at `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedy , and I have absurd fantasies of fairies stories that are actually done .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of his husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who I 'm to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
You know , the conventional feminism thing that has ignored or <unk> historically the needs of color women , workers , gay and transgendered , for white women , heterosexual , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
The next thing happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that it will be <unk> .
When we were <unk> , we retired them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster , I already consider myself on that pedestal before I tried to wear there .
Too many women , particularly innovative women and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of what that sticker means , because of fear , I 'm afraid not to be able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> .
At the Video <unk> <unk> County , on MTV , he took action in front of the word `` feminist <unk> <unk> .
It was a wonderful show , to see this star of pop openly the openly feminism , and let 's know the women and young men that be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started endless discussions whether they were n't even feminist .
I 'll raise your feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
We 're still fighting for feminist , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need so much fun .
We go far beyond a sane and constructive criticism , to give you the feminism of any woman , tear it up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of starting .
But what happens next ?
We have to recognize our flaws to give bills , to move to action and be a little more brave .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs , until they will change the change actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly difficult .
Why has its music that will be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad choices justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great , brilliant , brilliant girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world .
It 's where they 're concerned about strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option can be seen as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the canal when a television show is about sexual violence against women as sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio station when we listen to songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when films are not treating women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as boxing sacks .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a long number of women , both to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited them to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also begin to be included as far as we are welcome to overcome barriers to decisions .
Because we are not <unk> groupers . No , not adopt these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top , the people in the power of directors and movie producers and music , CEOs , the people who can make big decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting and significant shift .
We can also claim our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Hey , let 's be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say , mostly , because my voice was stolen , I was stolen , and feminism helped me with him .
There was an incident .
I call this incident to address what happened .
A little bit of a little bit <unk> when I was very young , and I did n't know that guys can do this to a girl .
They treated me as nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
And I would tell my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And so I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to give you a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women that showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little courageous , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other , I claim that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need such a courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had a measles for having visited Disneyland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border to Canada , infecting 100 children in Quebec .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles was that the measles may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , it 's one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that unleashed the controversy about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked for being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't believe the majority of intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still to know that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of it , they create their professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence continued stable just three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
NGOs as routinely <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if you could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not the vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people about the Centers for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` a better case detection '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't make a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of her two year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is less than seeing with slow progress and cautious progress that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism than had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked like a private , private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to panic by <unk> as when they would n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
By the 1950s , as major authority in the world in the subject , stated that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as they would pick up references from places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give you that diagnosis to kids with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it was <unk> that he had become nine out of 10 children sent out by other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and cold parents .
These kids , he said , they have been very carefully in a fridge , which they 're not going to do .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of her young patients had special skills that are involved in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned the two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like the kids were simply by noting what they had heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic kids were sent to institutions for their own well , making it invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s , that researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of welfare mothers was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like , no support , no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend up with the National Service that they had more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
I had a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find autistic kids in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , <unk> paintings , as Judith said , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did nobody realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944 , the next year of <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article of competition , but I avoided to have mentioning their own work .
There was n't even one translation of English , but luckily , the husband of <unk> spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a Cambridge school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children , with children 's learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with <unk> kinds of exercises with music , and kids followed on Sundays at the afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that required compassionate forms of support and <unk> spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he got to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them .
And essentially , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse diverse period that includes an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and <unk> traits have always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in the known archetypes of pop culture as the awkward social scientist and <unk> professor .
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , so the parents were the causal .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of starvation to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the late '80s and the early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive .
These changes did n't fell on sleeping bag .
So , when I was going to say , and Judith and Judith were working backstage to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I come out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after a `` Rain Man '' with four times as Raymond <unk> and the `` Rain Man '' with four awards on the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for their son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism awareness .
The number of diagnostics began to rise , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact , they were hoping that that way out , getting people with autism and their families finally to support the support and services that are deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics , a simple , powerful story , and seductive history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the center of preventing one of every 68 kids in the United States are in the spectrum , that 's right , <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they 're the puzzles of solving by the new medical breakthroughs , we 're going to have the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think of terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC is not working with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social programmers , and it suffers from a attention deficit .
<unk> people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that `` cure '' for the most effective aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers , employers with ability , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck of <unk> the boat of humanity . ''
While we 're navigating an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to afford a brain .
Thank you .
